A boss wants to pay for results, an employee wants recognition for effort. If a boss recognizes effort, they will get even better results.
We cannot find a new passion. We can only find better places for our passion to flourish.
As we’ll see, the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce.
You know what I love about our company? Every single one of us comes to work every day to do something we love. We get to inspire people to do the things that inspire them. It’s the most wonderful thing in the world. In fact, the fun part is trying to figure out all the different ways we can do that. It really is amazing. The best part is, it is also good for business. We do really well. We have beautiful offices, you should stop by sometime to see. We work with some of the biggest companies. I’m sure you’ve seen our ads. We’re actually doing pretty well.
If you can’t state your position in eight words, you don’t have a position.
the competitive advantage the marketplace demands is someone more human, connected, and mature. Someone with passion and energy, capable of seeing things as they are and negotiating multiple priorities as she makes useful decisions without angst. Flexible in the face of change, resilient in the face of confusion.
The less our colleagues and leaders look out for us, the less we look out for them. The less we look out for them, the more selfish they become and, as a result, the more selfish we become. And when that happens, eventually everyone loses.
porque el verdadero precio del liderazgo es la disposición de anteponer las necesidades ajenas a las propias.
I would rather fail pushing forward than in retreat.
It's war that makes generals
Strong leaders, in contrast, extend the Circle of Safety to include every single person who works for the organization. Self-preservation is unnecessary and fiefdoms are less able to survive. With
When there is a crisis, that’s when some are interested in getting out and that’s when we are interested in getting in.
90% of billionares don't have a collage degree.
We've got to pause and ask ourselves: How much clean air do we need?
Marketing guru Jay Levinson figures you have to run an ad twenty-seven times against one individual before it has its desired impact. Why? Because only one out of nine ads is seen, and you’ve got to see it at least three times before it sinks in.
What we want to be is something completely new. There is no physical analog for what Amazon.com is becoming.
It is so much easier to be nice, to be respectful, to put yourself in your customers' shoes and try to understand how you might help them before they ask for help, than it is to try to mend a broken customer relationship.
You may not have connections, or an education, or wealth, but with enough passion and sweat, you can make anything happen.
Children are better off having a parent who works into the night in a job they love than a parent who works shorter hours but comes home unhappy.
To maintain our entrepreneurial spirit, we have to create a culture in which everyone remembers that every order, big or small - and every interaction, every moment - will define what our company is today and what it will become tomorrow.
We’re just not strong enough to survive alone, let alone thrive. Whether we like to admit it or not, we need each other.
Don't wait for the right answer and the golden path to present themselves.This is precisely why you're stuck. Starting without seeing the end is difficult, so we often wait until we see the end, scanning relentlessly for the right way, the best way and the perfect way.The way to get unstuck is to start down the wrong path, right now.Step by step, page by page, interaction by interaction. As you start moving, you can't help but improve, can't help but incrementally find yourself getting back toward your north star.You might not end up with perfect, but it's significantly more valuable than being stuck.Don't just start. Continue. Ship. Repeat.
I don't shop online, but my wife buys everything at home. We buy sea crabs, fresh crabs, all kinds of things.
Good leaders make you feel safe.
workers into machines. If we can measure it, we can do it faster. If we can put it in a manual, we can outsource it. If we can outsource it, we can get it cheaper.
Winners quit fast, quit often, and quit without guilt
Organize your project, your life, and your organization around the minimum. What’s the smallest market you can survive on?
Your job isn’t to do your job. Your job is to decide what to do next.
A leader must be inspired by the people before a leader can inspire the people.
Successful heretics create their own religions....You can recognize the need for faith in your idea, you can find the tribe you need to support you, and yes, you can create a new religion around your faith. Steve Jobs did it on purpose at Apple and Phil Knight is famous for doing it at Nike.
The problem doesn’t lie with the great teachers. Great teachers strive to create linchpins. The problem lies with the system that punishes artists and rewards bureaucrats instead. Here
Art, at least art as I define it, is the intentional act of using your humanity to create a change in another person.
Never be a bitch of your own mind
Strong leaders, in contrast, extend the Circle of Safety to include every single person who works for the organization. Self-preservation is unnecessary and fiefdoms are less able to survive. With clear standards for entry into the Circle and competent layers of leadership that are able to extend the Circle’s perimeter, the stronger and better equipped the organization becomes. It is easy to know when we are in the Circle of Safety because we can feel it. We feel valued by our colleagues and we feel cared for by our superiors. We become absolutely confident that the leaders of the organization and all those with whom we work are there for us and will do what they can to help us succeed. We become members of the group. We feel like we belong. When we believe that those inside our group, those inside the Circle, will look out for us, it creates an environment for the free exchange of information and effective communication. This is fundamental to driving innovation, preventing problems from escalating and making organizations better equipped to defend themselves from the outside dangers and to seize the opportunities.
If you accept that human beings are difficult to change, and embrace (rather than curse) the uniqueness that everyone brings to the table, you’ll navigate the world with more bliss and effectiveness. And make better decisions, too.
I learned that focus is key. Not just in your running a company, but in your personal life as well.
It’s easier to make products and services for the customers you seek to serve than it is to find customers for your products and services.
You’re not running around grabbing every conceivable lock to try out your key. Instead, you’re finding people (the lock), and since you are curious about their dreams and desires, you will create a key just for them, one they’ll happily trade attention for.
Managers of companies, big and small, all want to do well, so they make decisions, hire consultants and implement systems to help them achieve that desired outcome. But all too often, it is not the systems that fail but the ability to maintain them.
A study by two researchers at the Graduate School of Social Work at Boston College found that a child’s sense of well-being is affected less by the long hours their parents put in at work and more by the mood their parents are in when they come home. Children are better off having a parent who works into the night in a job they love than a parent who works shorter hours but comes home unhappy. This is the influence our jobs have on our families. Working late does not negatively affect our children, but rather, how we feel at work does. Parents may feel guilty, and their children may miss them, but late nights at the office or frequent business trips are not likely the problem. Net-net, if you don’t like your work, for your kids’ sake, don’t go home.
they didn't examine the problem and accumulate data to figure out the best solution - they engineered the outcome they wanted from the beginning. if they didn't achieve their desired outcome, they understood it was because of a decision they made at the start of a process
Over 90% of people go home at the end of the day feeling unfulfilled by their work, and I won't stop working until that statistic is reversed - until over 90% of people go home and can honestly say, 'I love what I do.'
Generosity generates income. This works whether you are selling paintings or innovation or a service. Linus
I wasn't born to a wealthy or powerful family - mother from Puerto Rico, dad from the South Bronx.
If certain conditions are met and the people inside an organization feel safe among each other, they will work together to achieve things none of them could have ever achieved alone.
I'm not a tech guy. I'm looking at the technology with the eyes of my customers, normal people's eyes.
Trying to appeal to everyone is almost sure to fail, for the simple reason that everyone wants something different!
Quit the wrong stuff. Stick with the right stuff. Have the guts to do one or the other. The
We have little choice but to move beyond quality and seek remarkable, connected, and new. Remarkable, as you’ve already figured out, demands initiative.
When fear is employed, facts are incidental. Deeply seated in our biological drive to survive, that emotion cannot be quickly wiped away with facts and figures. This is how terrorism works. It's not the statistical probability that one could get hurt by a terrorist, but it's the fear that it might happen that cripples a population.
The goal for us as individuals is to know our WHY so that we can more easily find the right tree and the right nest. The goal for an organization is to know its WHY in order to attract the right birds. And the goal for each team within the company is to make sure that they have the right birds in each nest—those who will work together most effectively to contribute to the organization’s higher purpose and cause.
It’s Almost Impossible to Overinvest in Becoming the Market Leader.
Do What You Want; these are the 4 most frightening words brought to us by the Connection Revolution. If you want to sing, sing. If you want to lead, lead. If you want touch, connect, describe, disrupt, give, support, build, question—Do It. You will not be picked. But, if you want to pick yourself—go for it. The cost is that you own the results.
It is a leader’s job instead to take responsibility for the success of each member of his crew. It is the leader’s job to ensure that they are well trained and feel confident to perform their duties. To give them responsibility and hold them accountable to advance the mission.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
If failure is not an option, then neither is success.
When our responses turn into reactions and we set out to teach people a lesson, we lose. We lose because the act of teaching someone a lesson rarely succeeds at changing them, and always fails at making our day better, or our work more useful.
Working hard for something that we don't care about is called stress. Working hard for something we love is called passion.
Leaps of greatness require the combined problem-solving ability of people who trust each other.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
We have talented people, great businesses, and an unparalleled entrepreneurial spirit in Montana. By raising capital, Montanans can leverage those assets to start new businesses, expand existing ones, and create more good-paying jobs in Missoula and every other community under the Big Sky.
These are all commodity-focused issues. The old conceit of a retailer was that if you offered the right products at a fair price in a convenient location, you’d do fine if you watched your expenses. Today, the issues are totally different.
It is not the genius at the top giving directions that makes people great. It is great people that make the guy at the top look like a
I didn't get paid for performances most of my life. If I did, I would be billionaire now, and I'm not.
It's hard to get started as a young entrepreneur - often much harder than one would ever realize.
If you never fail, either you're really lucky or you haven't shipped anything.
So goes the leader, so goes the culture. So goes the culture, so goes the company.
One day all of the sacrifice will make sense.
Graceful? There’s a never-ending worldwide shortage. Graceful is artistic, elegant, subtle and effective. Graceful makes things happen and brings light but not heat. Graceful doesn’t mean invisible, hiding, fearful or by the book. And graceful certainly doesn’t include hectoring, lecturing or bullying. Audrey Hepburn was graceful. Wayne Gretzky too. A graceful person gets things done, but does it in a way you’d be happy to have repeated. A graceful person raises the game of everyone nearby, causing a race to the top, not the bottom. Graceful is the person we can’t live without, the one who makes a difference. The linchpin. Everywhere I turn, I see people bringing grace to their families, their communities and their work. The thing is, no one is born graceful. It’s not a gift, it’s a choice. Every day, we get a chance to give others the benefit of the doubt. Every day, we get the opportunity to give others our support, our confidence and our trust. And yet most days, we hesitate. There are so many things on our agenda, so many people who want a piece of us, so many things to do, so many obligations—of course it’s tempting to merely get it done, to phone it in. None of those shortcuts will make the impact you’re capable of making, and none of those approaches will bring you closer to those you’re here to serve. The industrial age is ending, and a new one is beginning. It produces art instead of stuff and it rewards gracefulness.
No problem can be solved until it is reduced to some simple form. The changing of a vague difficulty into a specific, concrete form is a very essential element in thinking.
On Facebook, the definition of great content is not the content that makes the most sales, but the content that people most want to share with others.
There are certain things in life that have limits, but you don't unless you impose limits on yourself.
not made for you. You’re an old white guy in
I chose to personally support Donald Trump for president early on and referred to him as America's blue-collar billionaire at the Republican National Convention because of his love for ordinary Americans and his kindness, generosity, and bold leadership qualities.
So often, organizations get comfortable providing their core offerings and don’t consider what other products, services or partnerships could help them live their WHY.
The librarian is the interface between reams of data and the untrained but motivated user.
If school is about postponing the day you have to stand up in front of the world and put yourself at risk, the resistance would like to stay there forever.
I just have this sort of entrepreneurial spirit and I work really hard at promoting myself.
Even the dullest introvert has pizzazz when talking about something he is passionate about,
All the excuses in the world won't change one simple fact: that fear is a sign to do whatever it is you fear—and do it quickly.
High expectations are the key to everything.
If you can't tolerate critics, don't do anything new or interesting.
The thing is, incremental daily progress (negative or positive) is what actually causes transformation. A figurative drip, drip, drip. Showing up, every single day, gaining in strength, organizing for the long haul, building connection, laying track — this subtle but difficult work is how culture changes.
There’s not a lot to say about the Cul-de-Sac except to realize that it exists and to embrace the fact that when you find one, you need to get off it, fast. That’s because a dead end is keeping you from doing something else. The opportunity cost of investing your life in something that’s not going to get better is just too high.
We sell feelings, status, and connection, not tasks or stuff.
Leaders lead when they take positions, when they connect with their tribes, and when they help the tribe connect to itself.
You’ve certainly met these people. They’re too busy taking notes to get anything done, too busy inventing to actually instigate. To stop this process, one needs to do only two things: Start. And then . . . Ship. Can’t
Anything can change, because the smartphone revolution is still in the early stages.
The 'Billionaire' song is what my kids tease me with. They sing it to me. It's funny.
Whereas money has relative value ($100 to a college student is a lot, $100 to a millionaire is a little), time and effort have an absolute value.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
I've helped some of my classmates on how to strategize to get to the next level of their businesses. And it's interesting, because here I am sitting there from the entertainment industry and the fashion industry, and I'm giving a billionaire that has a business that's been in his family for 300 years - I'm giving him advice about strategy!
Whether you’re an entrepreneur, a small business, or a Fortune 500 company, great marketing is all about telling your story in such a way that it compels people to buy what you are selling. That’s a constant. What’s always in flux, especially in this noisy, mobile world, is how, when, and where the story gets told, and even who gets to tell all of it.
The WHY does not come from looking ahead at what you want to achieve and figuring out an appropriate strategy to get there. It is not born out of any market research. It does not come from extensive interviews with customers or even employees. It comes from looking in the completely opposite direction from where you are now. Finding WHY is a process of discovery, not invention.
Henry Ford summed it up best. “If I had asked people what they wanted,” he said, “they would have said a faster horse.” This is the genius of great leadership. Great leaders and great organizations are good at seeing what most of us can’t see.
There was no “one thing” that Chapman did to transform his organization. It was a series of little things that, over time, dramatically affected how his company operates. Lots and lots of little things, some successful, some less so, but all focused on what he understood in his gut needed to happen.
For the rest of us, it’s not about what you’re born with, it’s about what you do.
The role of a leader is not to come up with all the great ideas. The role of a leader is to create an environment in which great ideas can happen.
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
Being a leader is like being a parent, and the company is like a new family to join. One that will care for us like we are their own . . . in sickness and in health.
El mero hecho de cambiar el entorno en el que trabajaban las personas hizo que éstas comenzaran a actuar de manera diferente con los demás. Se sentían parte de algo, lo cual les permitía relajarse y sentirse valoradas. Los empleados comenzaron a preocuparse por otros, igual que éstos se interesaban por ellos. Este entorno de afecto permitió a los trabajadores entregar plenamente «sus mentes y sus corazones», como le gusta decir a Chapman,
Don't be a parrot in life, be an eagle.
cualificada que Apple para lanzar un producto musical digital. El problema estuvo en que anunciaron su producto como el «reproductor mp3 de 5 GB», que es exactamente el mismo mensaje de Apple de las «1.000 canciones en tu bolsillo»; la diferencia estriba en que Creative nos contó QUÉ era su producto, mientras que Apple nos habló de POR QUÉ lo necesitábamos.
We hire for perfect, we manage for perfect, we measure for perfect, and we reward for perfect. So why are we surprised that people spend their precious minutes of self-directed, focused work time trying to achieve perfect? The problem is simple: Art is never defect-free. Things that are remarkable never meet spec, because that would make them standardized, not worth talking about. Rough
Anyone who says failure is not an option has also ruled out innovation.
I know of no case study in history that describes an organization that has been managed out of a crisis. Every single one of them was led.
Cuando no estaba conversando con los clientes, era el ser humano más aburrido del planeta,
Successful people don’t just ride out the Dip. They don’t just buckle down and survive it. No, they lean into the Dip. They push harder, changing the rules as they go. Just because you know you’re in the Dip doesn’t mean you have to live happily with it. Dips don’t last quite as long when you whittle at them.
The responsibility of a leader is to provide cover from above for their people who are working below. When the people feel that they have the control to do what’s right, even if it sometimes means breaking the rules, then they will more likely do the right thing. Courage comes from above. Our confidence to do what’s right is determined by how trusted we feel by our leaders.
And yet the real success goes to those who obsess. The focus that leads you through the Dip to the other side is rewarded by a marketplace in search of the best in the world.
Facilita que tus compradores puedan investigar un poco mientras tú estás con ellos y no cuando se van a sus casas, donde tú no podrás acompañarlos. Si el comprador quiere buscar información por su propia cuenta, aliéntalo a hacerlo.
Without the protection of our leaders, everyone outside the inner circle is forced to work alone or in small tribes to protect and advance their own interests. And in so doing, silos form, politics entrench, mistakes are covered up instead of exposed, the spread of information slows and unease soon replaces any sense of cooperation and security.
If all you do at work is hope to survive, your day can’t be much fun. We’re all working too hard. Putting in more hours than we’d like, nervous about the future, uncertain about our roles and our goals. We work too hard to hope for mere survival. Our goal must be to thrive and prosper, not just get by.
Starting means you’re going to finish. If it doesn’t ship, you’ve failed. You haven’t poked the box if the box doesn’t realize it’s been poked. To merely start without finishing is just boasting, or stalling, or a waste of time. I have no patience at all for people who believe they are doing their best work but are hiding it from the market. If you don’t ship, you actually haven’t started anything at all. At some point, your work has to intersect with the market. At some point, you need feedback as to whether or not it worked. Otherwise, it’s merely a hobby.
Anything that separates us from the impact our words and actions have on other people has the potential to lead us down a dangerous path.
I define a factory as an organization that has figured it out, a place where people go to do what they’re told and earn a paycheck.
Yo me enfoco más en construir mi propia marca, que en construir las de otros.
History is more or less bunk.
You're not born into apathy. You're not born into retreat. You're not even born into average. You're born at a massive action level. This was certainly true for me for the first ten years of my life. Man, I was a non-stop massive action little freak. Except when I was sleeping, I was tripping all the time! Like most kids, I was full out all the time with people frowning and hinting that maybe I should bring it down a notch or two and in some cases, many notches. Did that happen to you? I bet it did. Did you do it to your kids? Have you done it to them? Have you killed your kids? Have you told them retreat, be average? Back off? Be seen and not heard? See, until adults started telling you otherwise, you didn't know anything but massive action.
All the perks, all the benefits and advantages you may get for the rank or position you hold, they aren’t meant for you. They are meant for the role you fill. And when you leave your role, which eventually you will, they will give the ceramic cup to the person who replaces you. Because you only ever deserved a Styrofoam cup.
The incredible brand awareness and bottom-line profits achievable through social media marketing require hustle, heart, sincerity, constant engagement, long-term commitment, and most of all, artful and strategic storytelling. Don’t ever forget it, no matter what you learn here.*
Art isn't only a painting; it's anything that changes someone for the better, any nonanonymous interaction that leads to a human (not simply a commercial) conclusion.
Life’s too short to fight the forces of change. Life’s too short to hate what you do all day. Life’s way too short to make mediocre stuff.
we’re seeing an explosion in new approaches, new models and new forms of interaction. This growth comes from change, insight and exploration, not obedience.
We are drawn to leaders and organizations that are good at communicating what they believe. Their ability to make us feel like we belong, to make us feel special, safe and not alone is part of what gives them the ability to inspire us.
All the best apps, companies, and products have broken the way we live life, transformed how we communicate, and changed our day-to-day. Good products evolve us. You’re
I've always been at the intersection of computers and whatever they can revolutionize.
When you work under the cloud of anxiety, the best strategy is to play it safe, because if (when!) it fails, you’ll be blameless.
The example starts to prove that people don’t buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it. It’s worth repeating: people don’t buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it.
Great leaders are those who trust their gut. They are those who understand the art before the science. They win hearts before minds. They are the ones who start with WHY.
But when the conditions are more subtle, things like office politics, opportunism, occasional rounds of layoffs and a general lack of trust among colleagues, we adapt. Like being at base camp on Everest, we believe that we are fine and can cope. However, the fact remains that the human animal is not built for these conditions. Even though we may think we’re comfortable, the effects of the environment still take their toll. Just because we become accustomed, just because it becomes normal, doesn’t mean it’s acceptable. On Everest, even after we’ve adapted, if we spend too long on the mountain, our internal organs start to break down. In an unhealthy culture, it’s the same. Even though we can get used to living with stress and low, regular levels of cortisol in our bodies, that doesn’t mean we should. A constant flow of cortisol isn’t just bad for organizations. It can also do serious damage to our health. Like the other selfish chemicals, cortisol can help us survive, but it isn’t supposed to be in our system all the time. It wreaks havoc with our glucose metabolism. It also increases blood pressure and inflammatory responses and impairs cognitive ability. (It’s harder to concentrate on things outside the organization if we are stressed about what’s going on inside.) Cortisol increases aggression, suppresses our sex drive and generally leaves us feeling stressed out. And here’s the killer—literally. Cortisol prepares our bodies to react suddenly—to fight or run as circumstances demand. Because this takes a lot of energy, when we feel threatened, our bodies turn off nonessential functions, such as digestion and growth. Once the stress has passed, these systems are turned on again. Unfortunately, the immune system is one of the functions that the body deems nonessential, so it shuts down during cortisol bursts. In other words, if we work in environments in which trust is low, relationships are weak or transactional and stress and anxiety are normal, we become much more vulnerable to illness.
Your business has to work when it’s small in order to survive to the point where it gets big.
La verdadera confianza es fruto de las cosas que no se pueden ver
Todos los compradores han tomado decisiones incorrectas en el pasado y es la principal razón por la que dudan antes de hacer una nueva compra. A lo que le temen no es a gastar su dinero, sino a volver a cometer el mismo error.
There is something else you could do as you reevaluate your social media creative: stop thinking about your content as content. Think about it, rather, as micro-content—tiny, unique nuggets of information, humor, commentary, or inspiration that you reimagine every day, even every hour, as you respond to today’s culture, conversations, and current events in real time in a platform’s native language and format. A
The object of the new school is to teach reasonable doubt. Not the unreasonable doubt of the wild-eyed heckler, but the evidence-based doubt of the questioning scientist and the reason-based doubt of the skilled debater.
In order to improve HOW and WHAT we do, we constantly look to what others are doing. We attend conferences, read books, talk to friends and colleagues to get their input and advice, and sometimes we are also the dispensers of advice. We are in pursuit of understanding the best practices of others to help guide us. But it is a flawed assumption that what works for one organization will work for another. Even if the industries, sizes and market conditions are the same, the notion that “if it’s good for them, it’s good for us” is simply not true.
Whether you’re in a leadership role or not, the question is, how safe do you feel where you work?
I feel like in a world where we all try to figure out our place and our purpose here, your passions are one of your most obvious guides.
From my very first day as an entrepreneur, I've felt the only mission worth pursuing in business is to make people's lives better.
The industrialized mass nature of school goes back to the very beginning, to the commonschool and the normal school and the idea of universal schooling. All of which were invented atprecisely the same time we were perfecting mass production and interchangeable parts and thenmass marketing.The common school (now called a public school) was a brand new concept, created shortly afterthe Civil War. “Common” because it was for everyone, for the kids of the farmer, the kids ofthe potter, and the kids of the local shopkeeper. Horace Mann is generally regarded as thefather of the institution, but he didn’t have to fight nearly as hard as you would imagine—because industrialists were on his side. The two biggest challenges of a newly industrialeconomy were finding enough compliant workers and finding enough eager customers. Thecommon school solved both problems.The normal school (now called a teacher’s college) was developed to indoctrinate teachers intothe system of the common school, ensuring that there would be a coherent approach to theprocessing of students. If this sounds parallel to the notion of factories producing items in bulk,of interchangeable parts, of the notion of measurement and quality, it’s not an accident.The world has changed, of course. It has changed into a culture fueled by a market that knowshow to mass-customize, to find the edges and the weird, and to cater to what the individualdemands instead of insisting on conformity.Mass customization of school isn’t easy. Do we have any choice, though? If mass productionand mass markets are falling apart, we really don’t have the right to insist that the schools wedesigned for a different era will function well now.
Marketing is our quest to make change on behalf of those we serve, and we do it by understanding the irrational forces that drive each of us.
If the game is designed for you to lose, don’t play that game. Play a different one. Hiring
study  done  by  the  Wall  Street  Journal  the number  seven  (7)  has  been  found  to  be  the number  that  most  people  respond  to.
It wasn’t luck. Both the Wright brothers and Langley were highly motivated. Both had a strong work ethic. Both had keen scientific minds. They were pursuing exactly the same goal, but only the Wright brothers were able to inspire those around them and truly lead their team to develop a technology that would change the world. Only the Wright brothers started with Why.
Every time you find yourself following the manual instead of writing the manual, you’re avoiding the anguish and giving in to the resistance.
This means that happy, inspired and fulfilled employees are the exception rather than the rule. According to the Deloitte Shift Index, 80 percent of people are dissatisfied with their jobs.
Anything can be changed. Anything can be fixed. Things that are broken can be fixed. And you don't have to be some billionaire or millionaire to do it. You just have to be a person with a vision and the passion to do it, and be willing to fight for it every day.
From the beginning, we have fostered a culture that embraces our entrepreneurial spirit and values innovation that puts our customers first.
That’s the goal, isn’t it? For every crack to be filled with your ideas and innovations and creativity? The only way to achieve this, though, is to be prepared for many of them to fail, to land on pavement, to be perfect yet cease to grow. We can cry about these failures, but that will lead us to hold back on the next idea. Or we can celebrate them, realizing that it’s proof that we’re being promiscuous in our shipping, putting the best work we can into the world, regardless of whether this particular idea actually works. When was the last time you set out to be promiscuous in your failures?
The book didn’t generate anything. All it did was give people a chance to express the biases they had before they even opened the book.
When those in power use shame to bully the weak into compliance, they are stealing from us. They tell us that they will expose our secrets (not good enough, not hardworking enough, not from the right family, made a huge mistake once) and will use the truth to exile us from our tribe. This shame, the shame that lives deep within each of us, is used as a threat. And when those in power use it, they take away part of our humanity.
You can keep waiting to get plucked from obscurity, or you can learn how to champion your project one person at a time.
1. Providing a unique interface between members of the organization 2. Delivering unique creativity 3. Managing a situation or organization of great complexity 4. Leading customers 5. Inspiring staff 6. Providing deep domain knowledge 7. Possessing a unique talent
For a successful entrepreneur it can mean extreme wealth. But with extreme wealth comes extreme responsibility. And the responsibility for me is to invest in creating new businesses, create jobs, employ people, and to put money aside to tackle issues where we can make a difference.
When people start limiting the amount of success they desire, I assure you they will limit what will be required of them in order to achieve success and will fail miserably at doing what it takes to keep it.
What this means is that the converse is also true. A supportive and well-managed work environment is good for one’s health. Those who feel they have more control, who feel empowered to make decisions instead of waiting for approval, suffer less stress. Those only doing as they are told, always forced to follow the rules, are the ones who suffer the most. Our feelings of control, stress, and our ability to perform at our best are all directly tied to how safe we feel in our organizations. Feeling unsafe around those we expect to feel safe—those in our tribes (work is the modern version of the tribe)—fundamentally violates the laws of nature and how we were designed to live.
Don’t worry about your stuff. Worry about making meaning instead.
Marketing is the name we use to describe the promise a company makes, the story it tells, the authentic way it delivers on that promise.
We vote for a presidential candidate without saying, “Why not run the country for a month and then we’ll see . .
She solves problems that people haven’t predicted, sees things people haven’t seen, and connects people who need to be connected.
Fulfillment is a right and not a privilege. Every single one of us is entitled to feel fulfilled by the work we do, to wake up feeling inspired to go to work, to feel safe when we’re there and to return home with a sense that we contributed to something larger than ourselves. Fulfillment is not a lottery. It is not a feeling reserved for a lucky few who get to say, “I love what I do.” For those who hold a leadership position, creating an environment in which the people in your charge feel like they are a part of something bigger than themselves is your responsibility as a leader.
As long as there are human beings brought together for a common cause, leaders can choose to set any kind of culture they want.
You need a formal business reinvention process. Put it in your calendar. Every three months, take your most trusted advisers, employees, backers, and even customers and get away from the phones for a little while.Start from scratch. “If we were starting over—no office, no employees, no customers—would we choose to be where we are today?” If the answer isnʼt, yes, then itʼs time to take a hard look at the path you took and the impact it has had on your business.
Quitting is better than coping because quitting frees you up to excel at something else. “Never
Trump was able to convey - oddly enough a message from a billionaire who lives in Manhattan - a genuine concern for people who felt kind of left off, who felt offended by all the political correctness they see around them.
Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don't need to escape from.
The most dangerous poison is the feeling of achievement. The antidote is to every evening think what can be done better tomorrow.
In my opinion, right now there's way too much hype on the technologies and not enough attention to the real businesses behind them.
the opposite of quitting is rededication.
Today the financial market is no good, but the money is there.
She’s a great leader because she understands that earning the trust of an organization doesn’t come from setting out to impress everyone, it comes from setting out to serve those who serve her. It is the invisible trust that gives a leader the following they need to get things done.
Any target attacked with the right actions in the right amounts with persistence is attainable.
The current (educational) structure, which seeks low-cost uniformity that meets minimum standards, is killing our economy, our culture, and us.
If you’re not uncomfortable in your work as a leader, it’s almost certain you’re not reaching your potential as a leader.
Here’s our law firm. Our lawyers went to the best schools and we represent the biggest clients. Hire us.
Micro-Content + Community Management = Effective Social Media Marketing
Marketing is the generous act of helping someone solve a problem. Their problem.
Quitting requires you to acknowledge that you’re never going to be #1 in the world.
The speed of your progress doesn’t matter. As long as you’re moving forward, you’re one step closer to your goals!
If every member of a team doesn’t grow together they will grow apart.
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
The only thing our leaders ever need to do is remember whom they serve and it will be our honor and pleasure to serve them back.
Abundance is possible, but only if we can imagine it and then embrace it. Will
Realistic thinking is based on what others think is possible—but they are not you and have no way of knowing your potential and purposes.
Winners quit all the time. They just quit the right stuff at the right time.
If you can't be remarkable, perhaps you should consider doing nothing until you can.
It is a paradox of the acquisitive society in which we now live that although private morals are regulated by law, the entrepreneur is allowed considerable freedom to use - and abuse - the public in order to make money.
What makes a good leader is that they eschew the spotlight in favor of spending time and energy to do what they need to do to support and protect their people. And when we feel the Circle of Safety around us, we offer our blood and sweat and tears and do everything we can to see our leader’s vision come to life. The only thing our leaders ever need to do is remember whom they serve and it will be our honor and pleasure to serve them back.
The goal isn’t more money. The goal is living life on your terms.
Successful succession is more than selecting someone with an appropriate skill set—it’s about finding someone who is in lockstep with the original cause around which the company was founded. Great second or third CEOs don’t take the helm to implement their own vision of the future; they pick up the original banner and lead the company into the next generation. That’s why we call it succession, not replacement. There is a continuity of vision.
Aspirational messages, fear or peer pressure all push us to decide one way or another by appealing to our irrational desires or playing on our fears. But it’s when that emotional feeling goes deeper than insecurity or uncertainty or dreams that the emotional reaction aligns with how we view ourselves. It is at that point that behavior moves from being motivated to inspired. When we are inspired, the decisions we make have more to do with who we are and less to do with the companies or the products we’re buying.
Empathy is not something we offer to our customers or our employees from nine to five... (it) is... "a second by second, minute by minute service that [we] owe to everyone if [we] want to call [ourselves] a leader.
The only way people will know what you believe is by the things you say and do, and if you’re not consistent in the things you say and do, no one will know what you believe. It
We say WHAT we do, we sometimes say HOW we do it, but we rarely say WHY we do WHAT we do.
Get rid of too low and to high self-esteem friends
The epidemic So many people are frozen in the face of uncertainty and paralyzed at the thought of shipping work that matters that one might think that the fear is hardwired into us. It is. Scientists can identify precisely where your lizard brain lives. This is your prehistoric early brain, the same brain that’s in the lizard or the deer. Filled with fear, intent on reproduction. Steven Pressfield gives the voice of the lizard brain a name: he calls it the resistance. And the resistance is talking to you as you read this, urging you to compromise, to not be an troublemaker, to avoid rash moves. For many of us, the resistance is always chattering away, frequently sabotaging our best opportunities and ruining our best chance to do great work. Naming it helps you befriend it, and befriending it helps you ignore it.
To be willing to do new things you don't think you'll like requires you to prefer the unknown. Not just tolerate it, but to prefer it.
Perfect is an illusion, one that was created to maintain the status quo. The Six Sigma charade is largely about hiding from change, because change is never perfect. Change means reinvention, and until something is reinvented, we have no idea what the spec is.
We’re all in the public eye now, swimming around in a clear glass fish bowl of our own making.
Para colmo, al mismo tiempo perderás credibilidad con el fragmento superior de clientes que necesitarás más adelante para desarrollar y sostener tu negocio.
Put bluntly, the struggle that so many companies have to differentiate or communicate their true value to the outside world is not a business problem, it's a biology problem. And just like a person struggling to put her emotions into words, we rely on metaphors, imagery and analogies in an attempt to communicate how we feel. Absent the proper language to share our deep emotions, our purpose, cause or belief, we tell stories. We use symbols. We create tangible things for those who believe what we believe to point to and say, "That's why I'm inspired." If done properly, that's what marketing, branding and products and services become; a way for organizations to communicate to the outside world. Communicate clearly and you shall be understood.
You become a winner because you’re good at losing.
Studies show that over 80 percent of Americans do not have their dream job. If more knew how to build organizations that inspire, we could live in a world in which that statistic was the reverse - a world in which over 80 percent of people loved their jobs. People who love going to work are more productive and more creative. They go home happier and have happier families. They treat their colleagues and clients and customers better. Inspired employees make for stronger companies and stronger economies.
As any company forced to compete on price, quality, service or features alone can attest, it is very hard to differentiate for any period of time or build loyalty on those factors alone. Plus it costs money and is stressful waking up every day trying to compete on that level alone. Knowing WHY is essential for lasting success and the ability to avoid being lumped in with others. Any
If your organization requires success before commitment, it will never have either. Part of leadership (a big part of it, actually) is the ability to stick with the dream for a long time. Long enough that the critics realize that you’re going to get there one way or another…so they follow.
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
The merits of leadership are so ingrained that it’s natural to say, “I’ll take the lead.” Sometimes, though, it may make more sense to take the follow. Leading when you don't know where to go, when you don't have the commitment or the passion, or worst of all, when you can't overcome your fear- that sort of leading is worse than none at all. It takes guts to acknowledge that perhaps this time, right now, you can’t lead. So get out of the way and take the follow instead.
Passion isn’t project-specific. It’s people-specific. Some people are hooked on passion, deriving their sense of self from the act of being passionate.
Businesses can forge a direct connection between their community and their brand when they stop thinking about social media as the backup to the main events. It should be a main event in and of itself, serving as the nexus connecting every other channel by which businesses talk to their customers.
The act of trying to guarantee the success of an innovation is almost certain to make it less likely that it will succeed.
In your career, even more than for a brand, being safe is risky. The path to lifetime job security is to be remarkable.
If you’re remarkable, it’s likely that some people won’t like you. That’s part of the definition of remarkable. Nobody gets unanimous praise–ever. The best the timid can hope for is to be unnoticed. Criticism comes to those who stand out.
Today, entertainment and escapism are prized above almost anything else. Consumers want infotainment, not information. Information is cheap and plentiful; information wrapped in a story, however, is special. Brands need to storytell around their content to make it enticing, not just put it out for passive consumption like a boring platter of cubed cheese.
Permission Marketing is just like dating. It turns strangers into friends and friends into lifetime customers. Many of the rules of dating apply, and so do many of the benefits.
There is a big difference between jumping out of a plane with a parachute on and jumping without one. Both produce extraordinary experiences, but only one increases the likelihood of being able to try again another time.
Fear of living without a map is the main reason people are so insistent that we tell them what to do.
your number-one job is to tell your story to the consumer wherever they are, and preferably at the moment they are deciding to make a purchase.
When we opt to stay above the clouds, relying only on information fed to us instead of going down to see for ourselves, not only is it harder to make the right moral decisions, it makes it even harder to take responsibility when we fail to do so. The good news is, there are things we can do to help us manage the abstraction and keep our Circles strong.
The reality is, is that we love competition, at Apple. We think it makes us all better. But we want people to invent their own stuff.
Our whole role in life is to give you something you didn't know you wanted. And then once you get it, you can't imagine your life without it. And you can count on Apple doing that.
Good things don't happen to victims; bad things do—quite frequently—and all you have to do is ask them.
Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.
Well, the odds must be against anybody being able to fly around the world in a balloon on the first attempt. All of us who are attempting to go around the world in balloons are effectively flying in experimental craft because these craft cannot be tested.
When you’re the best in the world, you share the benefits (the income, the attention, the privileges, the respect) with just a handful of people or organizations or brands.
The secret of being wrong isn’t to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong.
The number one thing to steal from your competitors: Wisdom.
A successful manager told me that stopped wearing a watch. She found that the work was so immersive, anchoring it to whatever hour it happened to be was pointless. The watch reminded her of the rigors of appointments and the status quo, while her goal was to be there, right here, right now, in the moment, and to do the work in front of her. The watch had no role in doing that right, so, for now, it’s gone.
Publicly, they claim to be thrilled to have the opportunity to engage directly with their customers; privately, they suspect, maybe even fervently hope, that Facebook and its spawn are fads.
Professor Grant arranged for students who received the scholarships to come to the office and spend five minutes describing to fund-raisers how the scholarship they received changed their lives. The students told them how much they appreciated the hard work of the fund-raising department. Even though the people impacted by the work of the fund-raisers were only there for a short time, the results were astounding. In the following month, the fund-raisers increased their average weekly revenue by more than 400 percent. In a separate similar study, callers showed an average increase of 142 percent in the amount of time they spent on the phone and a 171 percent increase in the amount of funds they raised.
Yeah, well I think anyone who likes fast cars will love the Tesla. And it has fantastic handling by the way. I mean this car will crush a Porsche on the track, just crush it. So if you like fast cars, you'll love this car. And then oh, by the way, it happens to be electric and it's twice the efficiency of a Prius.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. —Ralph Waldo Emerson
All leaders, even the good ones, can sometimes lose their way and become selfish and power hungry, however. Intoxicated by the chemicals, they can sometimes forget that their responsibility as a leader is to their people. Sometimes these leaders are able to regain their footing, but if they don’t, we have little choice but to look past them, lament what they have become, wait for them to move on and look to someone else to lead us.
The key piece of leverage was this promise: follow these instructions and you don’t have to think. Do your job and you don’t have to be responsible for decisions. Most of all, you don’t have to bring your genius to work.
I absolutely don't have $20 billion. But I'd love to, right?
If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not.
Transparency in the traditional school might destroy it.
A lot of new entrepreneurs tell me they’re hustling, and then they’ll ask me if I liked the last episode of Ballers. They’re trying to get a business off the ground and they’ve got time to watch TV? It’s like wanting to lose weight and sneaking away to scarf down a Big Mac. It’s just not going to work. I’m twenty years into my career with two businesses under my belt and the only time I take to watch TV is when the Jets are on. There is so much hustle in my day I don’t even have a second to spare to “hang out” and catch up with the people around me when I’m at work. It may not be ideal for most, but I love it because it allows me to get the things done that I seek to accomplish. You
The challenge is to ask a two-part question: What next? What now? Asking is the hard part.
If the people aren’t looking out for the community, then the benefits of a community erode. Many companies have star employees and star salesmen and so on, but few have a culture that produces great people as a rule and not an exception.
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else.
The essence of political change is almost always cultural change, and the culture changes horizontally. Person to person. Us to us.
You must set targets that are 10 times what you think you want and then do 10 times what you think it will take to accomplish those targets. Massive thoughts must be followed by massive actions.
What worked for me won’t work for you, however, and vice versa. That’s why self-awareness is so vital—you have to be true to yourself at all times.
It’s not how smart the people in the organization are; it’s how well they work together that is the true indicator of future success or the ability to manage through struggle.
They don’t understand that Excellence isn’t about working extra hard to do what you’re told. It’s about taking the initiative to do work you decide is worth doing.
What most people want in a leader is something that’s very difficult to find: we want someone who listens. Why
¡Haz cosas! Genera contenidos y desarrolla tu negocio todos los días. Cada día reúnete con dos o tres personas que te ayuden a conseguir notoriedad, distribución o ventas, es decir, que de alguna manera te acerquen más a tus metas.
Whether the danger is real or imagined, the stress we feel is real. Unlike our rational minds, our bodies do not try to assess what the danger is. We simply react to the chemicals flowing through our bloodstreams to prepare us for what might be lurking.
I cannot remember a moment in my life when I have not felt the love of my family. We were a family that would have killed for each other - and we still are.
Not only bad decisions are made on false assumptions. Sometimes when things go right, we think we know why, but do we really? That the result went the way you wanted does not mean you can repeat it over and over.
Returning from work feeling inspired, safe, fulfilled and grateful is a natural human right to which we are all entitled and not a modern luxury that only a few lucky ones are able to find.
EL OCTAVO ELEMENTO ESENCIAL - CONTENIDOS
It doesn’t make any sense to make a key and then run around looking for a lock to open. The only productive solution is to find a lock and then fashion a key. It’s easier to make products and services for the customers you seek to serve than it is to find customers for your products and services.
the role of the leader is not to bark commands and be completely accountable for the success or failure of the mission. It is a leader’s job instead to take responsibility for the success of each member of his crew. It is the leader’s job to ensure that they are well trained and feel confident to perform their duties. To give them responsibility and hold them accountable to advance the mission.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Teaching Fire a LessonFire is hot. That's what it does. If you get burned by fire, you can be annoyed at yourself, but being angry at fire doesn't do you much good. And trying to teach the fire a lesson so it won't be hot next time is certainly not time well spent. Our inclination is to give fire a pass, because it's not human. But human beings are similar, in that they're not going to change any time soon either.
Quitting the projects that don’t go anywhere is essential if you want to stick out the right ones. You don’t have the time or the passion or the resources to be the best in the world at both. Quitting
If consumers have everything they need, there’s nothing left to buy except stuff that they want. And the reason they buy stuff they want is because of the way it makes them feel.
Don’t fall in love with a tactic and defend it forever. Instead, decide once and for all whether you’re in a market or not. And if you are, get through that Dip.
Artists don't think outside the box, because outside the box there's a vacumm. Outside the box there are no rules, there is no reality. You have nothing to interact with, nothing to work against. If you set out to do something way outside the box (designing a time machine, or using liquid nitrogen to freeze Niagara Falls), then you'll never be able to do the real work of art. You can't ship if you're far outside the box.Artists think along the edges of the box, because that's where things get done. That's where the audience is, that's where the means of production are available, and that's where you can make impact.
The goal is for each individual to work for a company in which they fit the culture, share the values, believe in the vision and work on a team in which they feel like they are valued and valuable.
The message you want to send to the marketplace through your persistent actions is, “No one can keep up with me. I'm not going away. I am not a competitor. I am the space.
And when a leader embraces their responsibility to care for people instead of caring for numbers, then people will follow, solve problems and see to it that that leader’s vision comes to life the right way, a stable way and not the expedient way.
But what we call social media is not media, nor is it even a platform. It is a massive cultural shift that has profoundly affected the way society uses the greatest platform ever invented, the Internet.
Never take the position that things just happen to you; rather, they happen because of something you did or did not do.
Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.
I guess I've just always had an entrepreneurial spirit.
Usa las plataformas de las redes sociales de hoy para desarrollar tu marca y extender tu influencia; así construirás un negocio que podría seguir creciendo incluso si no vuelves a tocar jamás un panal en tu vida.
There will be times when you’ll have to handle the buyer on money. Sometimes I remind a person, “While I agree it’s a lot of money for a gift, there’s no shortage of money on this planet. But there is a shortage of people who’ve found the love of their life and who know how to show their appreciation for that person. Be grateful you’ve got someone to love. Now, how would you like to handle this?” Now that’s selling! If the buyer is totally convinced it’s right, he will chew off his own foot to have it!
You can't buy a good reputation; you must earn it.
Contrary to reports, this boy is not a billionaire or going to be richer than any Beatle... and not just in the sense of money, by the way; the Beatles are untouchable - those billionaire reports are a joke.
Information is cheap and plentiful; information wrapped in a story, however, is special.
the purpose here is to discuss the idea that crybabies, whiners, and victims just don't do well at attracting or creating success.
But we have to ask ourselves, what's the purpose of the stock market? It's supposed to be a source of capital for growing business. It's lost that purpose.
Initiative = Happiness
Think. Plan. Execute.
People think, 'Jack, you do too much.'
Being the best simply cannot be a Just Cause, because even if we are the best (based on the metrics and time frames of our own choosing), the position is only temporary. The game doesn’t end once we get there; it keeps going. And because the game keeps going, we often find ourselves playing defense to maintain our cherished ranking. Though saying “we are the best” may be great fodder for a rah-rah speech to rally a team, it makes for a weak foundation upon which to build an entire company. Infinite-minded leaders understand that “best” is not a permanent state. Instead, they strive to be “better.” “Better” suggests
The main mistake most marketers make is to use Twitter primarily as an extension of their blog, a place to push a link to content they have posted elsewhere.
The status quo doesn’t shift because you’re right. It shifts because the culture changes. And the engine of culture is status.
In the case of personality, most psychologists agree that there are five traits that are essential in how people look at us: openness, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness, and emotional stability.
Think about the last time you got hurt. You were probably trying to protect something right before it happened.
How we cultivate our relationships is often the greatest determinant of the type of life we get to live.  Business is no different.
Great companies don’t hire skilled people and motivate them, they hire already motivated people and inspire them.
Ralph Lauren generates a huge portion of its sales from seconds and job lots sold at the many Polo factory stores around the country. There are so many of these stores (and the demand is so high) that many of the items sold aren’t seconds at all. They’re designed and produced for the factory stores. People tell themselves a story about finding a bargain, they build up the expectation by driving thirty miles out of their way (while on vacation, no less) and then are delighted to spend $40 for a $400 jacket that was never intended to be sold for $400 and probably cost $4 to make.
Wake up before everybody else and work into the night.         Hustle
We have to make sure, at Apple, that we stay true to focus, laser focus - we know we can only do great things a few times, only on a few products.
To whom much is given, much is expected. I do believe this. It's embedded in me.
In all cases, going back to the original purpose, cause or belief will help these industries adapt. Instead of asking, “WHAT should we do to compete?” the questions must be asked, “WHY did we start doing WHAT we’re doing in the first place, and WHAT can we do to bring our cause to life considering all the technologies and market opportunities available today?
The fact is, a bigger badge isn’t going to help at all. People aren’t going to follow you because you order them to.
Interruption Marketing was easy. Build a few ads, run them everywhere. Interruption Marketing was scalable. If you need more sales, buy more ads. Interruption Marketing was predictable. With experience, a mass marketer could tell how many dollars in revenue one more dollar in ad spending would generate. Interruption Marketing fit the command and control bias of big companies. It was totally controlled by the advertiser, with no weird side effects.
The key is having great players. But there are a lot of teams that have All-Stars and haven't been able to put it together.
Leadership, the Marines understand, is not about being right all the time. Leadership is not a rank worn on a collar. It is a responsibility that hinges almost entirely on character. Leadership is about integrity, honesty and accountability. All components of trust. Leadership comes from telling us not what we want to hear, but rather what we need to hear.
should read, the book that teaches us that we cannot control the circumstances around us, all we can control is our attitude—Man’s Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl.
You can only do so many things great, and you should cast aside everything else.
Destructive Abundance” is what I call the result of this imbalance. It is what happens when selfish pursuits are out of balance with selfless pursuits. When the levels of dopamine-incentivized behaviors overwhelm the social protections afforded by the other chemicals. When protecting the results is prioritized above protecting those who produce the results. Destructive Abundance happens when the players focus almost exclusively on the score and forget why they set out to play the game in the first place.
This is not a book for the wild-haired crazies your company keeps in a corner. It is a book for you, your boss, and your employees, because the best future available to us is a future where you contriubute your true self and your best work. Are you up for that?
exceptional organizations all have cultures in which the leaders provide cover from above and the people on the ground look out for each other. This is the reason they are willing to push hard and take the kinds of risks they do. And the way any organization can achieve this is with empathy.
People yearn for change, they relish being part of a movement, and they talk about things that are remarkable, not boring.
Average companies give their people something to work on. In contrast, the most innovative organizations give their people something to work toward. The role of a leader is not to come up with all the great ideas. The role of a leader is to create an environment in which great ideas can happen.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
We do not need to teach students to embrace the status quo.
As employees or members of the group, we need the courage to take care of each other when our leaders don’t. And in doing so, we become the leaders we wish we had.
Para empezar, yo aprendo observando, no haciendo algo ni leyendo.
Senator Bill Bradley defines a movement as having three elements: 1. A narrative that tells a story about who we are and the future we’re trying to build 2. A connection between and among the leader and the tribe 3. Something to do—the fewer limits, the better
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. Love what you do or don’t do it.
If you think the solution is more rules and less humanity, I fear you will be disappointed by the results. Organizations that can bring humanity and flexibility to their interactions with other human beings will thrive.
Goethe, the great nineteenth-century thinker, reportedly summed up, “You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
Someone who lives a healthy lifestyle and is in a habit of exercising does not respond to “six easy steps to losing weight.” It’s those who don’t have the lifestyle that are most susceptible. It’s not news that a lot of people try diet after diet after diet in an attempt to get the body of their dreams. And no matter the regime they choose, each comes with the qualification that regular exercise and a balanced diet will help boost results. In other words, discipline. Gym memberships tend to rise about 12 percent every January, as people try to fulfill their New Year’s aspiration to live a healthier life. Yet only a fraction of those aspiring fitness buffs are still attending the gym by the end of the year. Aspirational messages can spur behavior, but for most, it won’t last.
This is the basis of what Chapman calls truly human leadership. When the people have to manage dangers from inside the organization, the organization itself becomes less able to face the dangers from outside.
This is like the Six Sigma approach to quality. Six Sigma refers to the quest for continuous improvement, ultimately leading to 3.4 defects per million units. The problem is that once you’re heading down this road, there’s no room left for amazing improvements and remarkable innovations. Either you rolled ten strikes or you didn’t. Organizations that earn dramatic success always do it in markets where asymptotes don’t exist, or where they can be shattered. If you could figure out how to bowl 320, that would be amazing. Until that happens, pick a different sport if you want to be a linchpin.
The Paradox of Being Human HUMAN BEINGS EXIST as individuals and as members of groups at all times. I am one and I am one of many . . . always. This also creates some inherent conflicts of interest. When we make decisions, we must weigh the benefits to us personally against the benefits to our tribe or collective. Quite often, what’s good for one is not necessarily good for the other. Working exclusively to advance ourselves may hurt the group, while working exclusively to advance the group may come at a cost to us as individuals.
Building trust requires nothing more than telling the truth. That’s it.
The incredible brand awareness and bottom-line profits achievable through social media marketing require hustle, heart, sincerity, constant engagement, long-term commitment, and most of all, artful and strategic storytelling.
The killer app that got the world ready for appliances was the light bulb. So the light bulb is what wired the world. And they weren't thinking about appliances when they wired the world. They were really thinking about - they weren't putting electricity into the home. They were putting lighting into the home.
Mediocre is merely a failed attempt to be really good.
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.
You really can’t try to do everything, especially if you intend to be the best in the world.
If you sell fax machines, and your market doesn’t believe in fax machines, don’t try to convince them to buy fax machines! Go find the people who have bought into the fax machine idea and sell to them.
Wherever I see people doing something the way it's always been done, the way it's 'supposed' to be done, following the same old trends, well, that's just a big red flag to me to go look somewhere else.
out that expending emotional labor, working without a map, and driving in the dark involve confronting fear and living with the pain of vulnerability. The artist comes to a détente with these emotions and, instead of fighting with them, dances with them. The linchpin connects as a result of the indispensable nature of her contribution. The artist, on the other hand, connects because that’s what art is. The artist touches part of what it means to be truly human and does that work again and again.
there’s a difference between telling people what to do and inciting a movement.
If you’re going to quit, quit before you start. Reject the system. Don’t play the game if you realize you can’t be the best in the world.
In some businesses there’s a real stigma around staying home when you’re sick, like it means you’re weak or unmotivated. (I have to admit early in my career I saw it that way, but I have evolved.) Coming in when you’re sick doesn’t show dedication, it’s selfish. And kind of gross. And not fun for your coworkers or for you. That
Passion alone can't cut it. For passion to survive it needs structure. A why without how has little probability of success.
La manera de conseguirlo es haciendo que la gente se sienta parte de un todo, ofreciéndoles una cultura sólida basada en un conjunto claro de valores humanos y creencias. Dándoles la capacidad de tomar decisiones, ofreciéndoles confianza y empatía; creando un Círculo de Seguridad. Al
Strategic quitting is a conscious decision you make based on the choices that are available to you. If you realize you’re at a dead end compared with what you could be investing in, quitting is not only a reasonable choice, it’s a smart one
In the factory era, the goal was to have the highest PERL. Think about it. If you can easily replace most of your workers, you can pay them less. The less you pay them, the more money you make. The city newspaper, for example, might have four hundred employees, but only a few dozen salespeople and columnists were hard to replace on a moment’s notice. The goal was to leverage and defend the system, not the people. So we built giant organizations (political parties, nonprofits, schools, corporations) filled with easily replaced laborers. Unions fought back precisely because they saw coordinated action as the only way to avoid becoming commodities. Ironically, the work rules they erected merely exacerbated the problem, making every union worker just as good as every other.
Consumers with otaku are the sneezers you seek. They’re the ones who will take the time to learn about your product, take the risk to try your product, and take their friends’ time to tell them about it. The flash of insight is that some markets have more otaku-stricken consumers than others. The task of the remarkable marketer is to identify these markets and focus on them to the exclusion of lesser markets – regardless of relative size.
Your first mistake might be assuming that people are rational.Your second mistake could be assuming that people are eager for change.And the marketer's third mistake is assuming that once someone knows things the way you know them, they will choose what you chose.
The Cul-de-Sac and the Cliff Are the Curves That Lead to Failure If you find yourself facing either of these two curves, you need to quit. Not soon, but right now. The biggest obstacle to success in life, as far as I can tell, is our inability to quit these curves soon enough.
Hard work certainly goes a long way. These days a lot of people work hard, so you have to make sure you work even harder and really dedicate yourself to what you are doing and setting out to achieve.
bottom line. All companies are in business to make money, but being successful at it is not the reason why things change so drastically. That only points to a symptom. Without understanding the reason it happened in the first place, the pattern will repeat for every other company that makes it big. It is not destiny or some mystical business cycle that transforms successful
Learning lessons is a little like reaching maturity. You're not suddenly more happy, wealthy, or powerful, but you understand the world around you better, and you're at peace with yourself. Learning life's lessons is not about making your life perfect, but about seeing life as it was meant to be.
It's not time," "Take it easy," "Wait and see," "It's someone else's turn" - none of these stalls are appropriate for a leader in search of change. There's a small price for being too early, but a huge penalty for being too late. The longer you wait to launch an innovation, the less your effort is worth.
Capital punishment is as fundamentally wrong as a cure for crime as charity is wrong as a cure for poverty.
Se dice mucho que las mejores cosas en la vida son gratis, pero yo no concuerdo. ¡Las mejores cosas de la vida son aquellas que vienen en forma de comisión por un esfuerzo bien hecho! Felicidad, seguridad, estabilidad, un gran hogar, una gran familia, amor, confianza, amistades, tu parroquia, tu comunidad, etcétera, son todas comisiones resultado del trabajo de alguien más.
More fashion = less need for quality
Henry Ford summed it up best. “If I had asked people what they wanted,” he said, “they would have said a faster horse.
The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there.
What consumerism really is, at its worst is getting people to buy things that don't actually improve their lives.
The time to look for a new job is when you don't need one. The time to switch jobs is before it feels comfortable.
Real leaders don't care [about receiving credit]. If it's about your mission, about spreading the faith, about seeing something happen, not only do you not care about credit, you actually want other people to take credit...There's no record of Martin Luther King, Jr. or Gandhi whining about credit. Credit isn't the point. Change is.
In weak organizations, without oversight, too many people will break the rules for personal gain. That’s what makes the organizations weak. In strong organizations, people will break the rules because it is the right thing to do for others.
All organizations start with WHY, but only the great ones keep their WHY clear year after year. Those who forget WHY they were founded show up to the race every day to outdo someone else instead of to outdo themselves. The pursuit, for those who lose sight of WHY they are running the race, is for the medal or to beat someone else. What if the next time when someone asks, “Who’s your competition?” we replied, “No idea.” What if the next time someone pushes, “Well, what makes you better than your competition?” we replied, “We’re not better than them in all cases.” And what if the next time someone asks, “Well why should I do business with you then?” we answer with confidence, “Because the work we’re doing now is better than the work we were doing six months ago. And the work we’ll be doing six months from now will be better than the work we’re doing today. Because we wake up every day with a sense of WHY we come to work. We come to work to inspire people to do the things that inspire them. Are we better than our competition? If you believe what we believe and you believe that the things we do can help you, then we’re better. If you don’t believe what we believe and you don’t believe the things we can do will help you, then we’re not better. Our goal is to find customers who believe what we believe and work together so that we can all succeed. We’re looking for people to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with us in pursuit of the same goal. We’re not interested in sitting across a table from each other in pursuit of a sweeter deal. And here are the things we’re doing to advance our cause . . .” And then the details of HOW and WHAT you do follow. But this time, it started with WHY. Imagine if every organization started with WHY. Decisions would be simpler. Loyalties would be greater. Trust would be a common currency. If our leaders were diligent about starting with WHY, optimism would reign and innovation would thrive. As this book illustrates, there is precedence for this standard. No matter the size of the organization, no matter the industry, no matter the product or the service, if we all take some responsibility to start with WHY and inspire others to do the same, then, together, we can change the world. And that’s pretty inspiring.
The goal of a leader is to give no orders,” Captain Marquet explains. “Leaders are to provide direction and intent and allow others to figure out what to do and how to get there.
No matter how many or how few people you have reporting to you, you must remember that as you climb higher in the ranks, your words will be taken as commands even if you're just thinking out loud.
Different platforms allow you to highlight different aspects of your brand identity, and each jab you make can tell a different part of your story.
Instead, managers must become leaders in their own right, which means they must take responsibility for the care and protection of those in their charge, confident that their leaders will take care of them.
The most important skill is to pass your skills on other people
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.
I'm an entrepreneur. 'Ambitious' is my middle name.
Sometimes all you need is a billion dollars
The mistake that’s so easy to make is to get greedy as you choose your hive, to say, “this product is for everyone” or “anyone can benefit from this idea.” Well, there are seven billion people on the planet, so it’s unlikely your comment is correct; even if it is, there’s little chance that a virus would spread across a hive that big.
There's no such thing as perfect. Chasing ''Perfect'' is the shortest road to not achieving it.
One of my motivations in life is to be a billionaire.
If you set your bar at ‘amazing’ it’s awfully difficult to start. Your first paragraph, sketch, formula, sample or concept isn’t going to be amazing. Your tenth one might not be either. Confronted with the gap between your vision of perfect and the reality of what you’ve created, the easiest path is no path. Shrug. Admit defeat. Hit delete. One more reason to follow someone else and wait for instructions. Of course, the only path to amazing runs directly through not-yet-amazing. But not-yet-amazing is a great place to start, because that’s where you are.
After you have clarity of WHY, are disciplined and accountable to your own values and guiding principles, and are consistent in all you say and do, the final step is to keep it all in the right order.
Do you have the email addresses of the 20 percent of your customer base that loves what you do? If not, start getting them. If you do, what could you make for these customers that would be superspecial?
A month before the first game, the XFL blimp crash-landed into a restaurant. It was an omen for the entire season. On the coin toss for the first game (sorry, they didn’t have a coin toss; they had two guys diving for the football instead), one of the players was injured.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.
Faking your way through isnʼt going to work. Hoping that the sales process will go away wonʼt help either. As a bootstrapper you must sell yourself and your business. Otherwise, no business.
A lifeguard doesn’t have to spend much time pitching to the drowning person. When you show up with a life buoy, if the drowning person understands what’s at stake, you don’t have to run ads to get them to hold on to it.
Direct marketers, of course, realize that measurement is the key to success. Figure out what works, and do it more! Mass marketers have always resisted this temptation. When my old company approached the head of one of the largest magazine publishers in the world and pitched a technology that would allow advertisers to track who saw their ads and responded to them, he was aghast. He realized that this sort of data could kill his business. He knew that his clients didn’t want the data because then their jobs would get a lot more complex. Measurement means admitting what’s broken so you can fix it. Mass-media advertising, whether it’s on TV or in print, is all about emotion and craft, not about fixing mistakes. One reason the Internet ad boomlet faded so fast is that it forced advertisers to measure – and to admit what was going wrong.
One day, I’d like to write a book about the worst ads ever run, but my fear is that it would be too long.
When your organization becomes more human, more remarkable, faster on its feet, and more likely to connect
Selling ice cream on the beach in the summer is easy. Raising people’s expectations, engaging in their hopes and dreams, helping them see further—that’s the difficult work we signed up for. From now on, your customers know more than you do about your competitors. And so your commodity work, no matter how much effort you put into it, is not enough.
Commit to the frightening work of flying blind
You must determine the price that you will have to pay to achieve success, and then get busy paying that price.” - H.L. HUNT (TEXAS OIL TYCOON)
Being authentic, and being perceived as such by your audience, relies on your ability to ensure that every decision you make when it comes to your business is rooted in being true to yourself.
When you are with Marines gathering to eat, you will notice that the most junior are served first and the most senior are served last. When you witness this act, you will also note that no order is given. Marines just do it. At the heart of this very simple action is the Marine Corps’ approach to leadership. Marine leaders are expected to eat last because the true price of leadership is the willingness to place the needs of others above your own. Great leaders truly care about those they are privileged to lead and understand that the true cost of the leadership privilege comes at the expense of self-interest.
Great organizations not only excite the human spirit, they inspire people to take part in helping to advance the cause without needing to pay them or incentivize them in any particular way.
The relentless pursuit of mass will make you boring, because mass means average, it means the center of the curve, it requires you to offend no one and satisfy everyone.
I can do this forever. It’s like adjusting a pair
If you can deny your talents, if you can conceal them from others or, even better, persuade yourself that they weren’t even given to you, you’re off the hook.And being off the hook is a key element of the industrialized school’s promise. It lets parents off the hook, certainly, since the institution takes over the teaching. It lets teachers off the hook, since the curriculum is preordained and the results are tested. And it lets students off the hook, because the road is clearly marked and the map is handed to everyone.If you stay on the path, do your college applications through the guidance office and your job hunting at the placement office, the future is not your fault.That’s the refrain we hear often from frustrated job seekers, frustrated workers with stuck careers, and frustrated students in too much debt. 'I did what they told me to do and now I’m stuck and it’s not my fault.' What they’ve exchanged for that deniability is their dreams, their chance for greatness. To go off the path is to claim responsibility for what happens next.
We've always had a pretty competitive and pretty ferocious battle with British Airways... It's lasted now about 14 years, and we're very pleased to have survived it.
To Inspire People to Do the Things That Inspire Them
Twitter is a marketer’s dream come true because it allows you to initiate a relationship with your customer.
Depth of knowledge combined with good judgment is worth a lot. Depth
And you know, I've had great fun turning quite a lot of different industries on their head and making sure those industries will never be the same again, because Virgin went in and took them on.
If it wasn’t a mystery, it would be easy. If it were easy, it wouldn’t be worth much.
Connect us to our purpose and vision for our career or business. Allow us to celebrate our strengths by remembering how we got from there to here. Deepen our understanding of our unique value and what differentiates us in the marketplace. Reinforce our core values. Help us to act in alignment and make value-based decisions. Encourage us to respond to customers instead of react to the marketplace. Attract customers who want to support businesses that reflect or represent their values. Build brand loyalty and give customers a story to tell. Attract the kind of like-minded employees we want. Help us to stay motivated and continue to do work we’re proud of.
Excuses are never the reason for why you did or didn't do something. They're just a revision of the facts that you make up in order to help yourself feel better about what happened (or didn't).
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
The opportunity cost of investing your life in something that's not going to get better is too high.
We love displays and symbols and stuff that quickly and silently tells the world who we are. Better yet, we love visual reminders of who we want to be.
Wal-Mart jamás sufrió una grieta mientras estuvo bajo el mando de Walton, porque este jamás se olvidó de dónde venía. «Sigo sin poder creerme que sea noticia que me corte el pelo en la peluquería. ¿En qué otro sitió iba a cortármelo? —decía—. ¿Que por qué conduzco una camioneta? ¿En qué se supone que tengo que sacar a pasear a mis perros, en un Rolls-Royce?»95 Vestido a menudo con su característica chaqueta de tweed y una gorra de camionero, Walton era la encarnación de aquellos a quienes trataba de servir: el estadounidense de la calle.
When they are unclear about your WHY, WHAT you do has no context. Even though
Stick with the Dips that are likely to pan out, and quit the Cul-de-Sacs to focus your resources
Leadership is not a rank worn on a collar. It is a responsibility that hinges almost entirely on character. Leadership is about integrity, honesty and accountability. All components of trust. Leadership comes from telling us not what we want to hear, but rather what we need to hear. To be a true leader, to engender deep trust and loyalty, starts with telling the truth.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
actúan por el bien común, no porque tengan que hacerlo, sino porque quieren hacerlo.
Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
Just about everything you learned in school about life is wrong, but the wrongest thing might very well be this: Being well rounded is the secret to success. When
I think Yahoo is a great company, with great assets.
Strong relationships are the foundation of high-performing teams. And all high-performing teams start with trust.
Strategic quitting is the secret of successful organizations. Reactive quitting and serial quitting are the bane of those that strive (and fail) to get what they want. And most people do just that. They quit when it’s painful and stick when they can’t be bothered to quit.
If you’re able to look at what’s happening in your world and say, “There’s the pattern,” or “Wow, that’s interesting, I wonder why,” then you’re far more likely to respond productively than if your reaction is “How dare he!
Our economy now rewards artists far more than any other economy in history ever has.
Marketers make change happen: for the smallest viable market, and by delivering anticipated, personal, and relevant messages that people actually want to get.
Las jovencitas hacen perfiles en los que se anuncian como expertas de belleza, pero no, lo que son es “opinadoras” de belleza.
What got us here won’t get us there, and knowing who our Worthy Rivals are is the best way to help us improve and adapt before it’s too late.
The trick to balance is to not make sacrificing important things become the norm.
Marketing is the act of making change happen. Making is insufficient. You haven’t made an impact until you’ve changed someone.
We believe that within five years, 96 percent of British consumers will have access to the Internet, whether it be through a personal computer, a set-top box or a mobile phone.
share three characteristics: A commitment to service A desire to provide value A love of teaching
One of the major differences between successful and unsuccessful people is that the former look for problems to resolve, whereas the latter make every attempt to avoid them.
papel de intermediario ahora lo ocupa internet, e internet no puede impedirte que des a conocer tu trabajo. Sube tus contenidos y ve qué dice el mercado al respecto, si no le gustan a nadie, bájalos o sólo mantenlos como referencia histórica.
If our leaders are to enjoy the trappings of their position in the hierarchy, then we expect them to offer us protection. The problem is, for many of the overpaid leaders, we know that they took the money and perks and didn’t offer protection to their people. In some cases, they even sacrificed their people to protect or boost their own interests. This is what so viscerally offends us. We only accuse them of greed and excess when we feel they have violated the very definition of what it means to be a leader.
No one knows more about the way you think than you do.
just make the call. Last-minute preparation is
Anyone who uses blame as the reason why something happened or did not happen will never accumulate real success in life and only further his or her status as a slave on this planet.
COMMUNICATION IS NOT ABOUT SPEAKING, IT’S ABOUT LISTENING
In my view the tablet and the PC are different. You can do things with the tablet if you are not encumbered by the legacy of the PC.
We choose not to be remarkable because we’re worried about criticism.
Waiting for perfect is never as smart as making progress.
while luck may be more appealing than effort, you don’t get to choose luck. Effort, on the other hand, is totally available, all the time.
A destination without a route leads to meandering and inefficiency. A route without a destination, however, may be efficient but to what end?
Physical comforts cannot subdue mental suffering, and if we look closely, we can see that those who have many possessions are not necessarily happy. In fact, being wealthy often brings even more anxiety.
A business environment with an unbalanced focus on short-term results and money before people affects society at large.
There are no longer any great jobs where someone else tells you precisely what to do.
You can’t laugh and be afraid at the same time,” he said. And he’d be right. Laughing actually releases endorphins. They are released to mask the pain we’re causing to ourselves as our organs are being convulsed.
The driving force that gets people to pay a specialist is that their disease is unpredictable or hard to diagnose. The reason we’re here is to solve the hard problems.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Our visions are the world we imagine, the tangible results of what the world would look like if we spent every day in pursuit of our WHY.
Marketing is about spreading ideas, and spreading ideas is the single most important output of our civilization.
To serve the community, to serve employees and to serve customers. Service was a higher cause.
A peace talk is always difficult, always complicated.
Differentiation is a zero-sum, advertising-based game.
The Dip is the long slog between starting and mastery. A long slog that’s actually a shortcut, because it gets you where you want to go faster than any other path.
When a WHY goes fuzzy, it becomes much more difficult to maintain the growth, loyalty and inspiration that helped drive the original success. By difficult, I mean that manipulation rather than inspiration fast becomes the strategy of choice to motivate behavior. This is effective in the short term but comes at a high cost in the long term.
Don’t listen to the cynics. They’re cynics for a reason. For them, the resistance won a long time ago. When the resistance tells you not to listen to something, read something, or attend something, go. Do it. It’s not an accident that successful people read more books. Symptoms
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
The ability of a group of people to do remarkable things hinges on how well those people pull together as a team. And that doesn’t happen in a vacuum.
We never had a billionaire brand in music; the closest thing we had was Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson sold 750 million records. I think we're gonna set the tone for other youngsters to make more money and see that a billion dollars can be accomplished.
The time to look for a new job is when you don’t need one. The time to switch jobs is before it feels comfortable. Go. Switch. Challenge yourself; get yourself a raise and a promotion. You owe it to your career and your skills.
Have you ever heard of Gmail? Ever used it? If so, it’s not because Gmail ran a lot of TV ads (they didn’t). It’s because the manifesto of free email got to you.
Great teachers are precious. Lousy teachers cause damage that lasts forever. We need to reorganize our schools to free the great teachers from tests and reports and busywork, and to expel the lousy
Our entire political system is financed by wealthy private interests buying politicians and making sure the rules are written in their favor.
The goal is not simply to 'work hard, play hard.' The goal is to make our work and our play indistinguishable.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
The Dip is the long stretch between beginner’s luck and real accomplishment. The Dip is the set of artificial screens set up to keep people like you out.
The people who are the best in the world specialize at getting really good at the questions they don't know.
Leo Babauta’s brilliant little book Zen Habits helps you think your way through this problem. His program is simple: Attempt to create only one significant work a year.
What makes a WHY powerful is its authenticity. Neither employees nor clients are fooled when an organization attempts to manufacture a WHY to suit what they feel customers want to hear. This is manipulation. The people you do business with, and the people who work with you, will sense a disconnect. Trust and loyalty will diminish (if they ever existed). When that happens, the company often resorts to discounts and other forms of manipulation to try to convince customers and employees to stay. This may work in the short term but it has no hope of long-term success.
What we’re seeing is that fundamentalism really has nothing to do with religion and everything to do with an outlook, regardless what your religion is.
WHY: Very few people or companies can clearly articulate WHY they do WHAT they do. When I say WHY, I don’t mean to make money—that’s a result. By WHY I mean what is your purpose, cause or belief? WHY does your company exist? WHY do you get out of bed every morning? And WHY should anyone care?
Leaders are the ones who have the courage to go first and open a path for others to follow.
I know nothing about technology.
The ability of a group of people to do remarkable things hinges on how well those people pull together as a team.
If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try.
We need librarians more than we ever did. What we don't need are mere clerks who guard dead paper. Librarians are too important to be a dwindling voice in our culture. For the right librarian, this is the chance of a lifetime.
Las ventas tienen impacto en la vida de todas las personas del planeta. Tu habilidad o torpeza para vender, persuadir, negociar y convencer a otros afecta todos y cada uno de los campos de tu vida, por lo que de ello depende en gran medida tu capacidad para sobrevivir.
Now, though, the proletariat owns the means of production. Now, the workers are self-organized online.
Have fun. The game is a lot more enjoyable when you’re trying to do more than just make money.
People will trust their leaders when their leaders do the things that make them feel psychologically safe.
No one wakes up in the morning to go to work with the hope that someone will manage us. We wake up in the morning and go to work with the hope that someone will lead us.” The
Anyone who achieves any kind of success, however you want to define it, sometimes can't let go of it.
Henry Ford summed it up best. "If I had asked people what they wanted," he said, "they would have said a faster horse.
If an individual or organization hopes to assume the responsibility of leadership—a responsibility that is given, not taken—then they must think, act, and speak in a way that inspires people to follow.
My former business partner, for example, would get upset when I turned away business. I would tell him that a potential client didn’t “feel” right. That would frustrate him to no end because “the client’s money was as good as everyone else’s,” he would tell me. He couldn’t understand the reason for my decision
when the leaders of an organization listen to the people who work there. Without coercion, pressure or force, the people naturally work together to help each other and advance the company. Working with a sense of obligation is replaced by working with a sense of pride. And coming to work for the company is replaced by coming to work for each other. Work is no longer a place to dread. It is a place to feel valued.
If you’re not producing content, you don’t exist. It
When Gates founded Microsoft with Paul Allen in 1975, he did so to advance a higher cause: if you give people the right tools, and make them more productive, then everyone, no matter their lot in life, will have an opportunity to achieve their real potential. “A PC in every home and on every desk,” he envisioned; remarkable from a company that didn’t even make PCs. He saw the PC as the great equalizer. Microsoft’s most successful software, Windows, allowed anyone to have access to powerful technology. Tools like Word, Excel and PowerPoint gave everyone the power to realize the promise of the new technology—to become more efficient and productive. Small businesses, for example, could look and act like big businesses. Microsoft’s software helped Gates advance his cause to empower the “everyman.
people-first cultures are more inspiring for employees and customers alike.
You have to learn to prioritize properly and quickly identify what’s going to move you further ahead and what’s going to make you stall.
In a battle between  two ideas, the best one doesn't necessarily win. No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it.
British anthropologist Robin Dunbar theorized that a typical person can’t easily have more than 150 people in his tribe. After 150 friends and fellow citizens, we can’t keep track. It’s too complicated.
I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done.
Developing your personal brand is the same thing as living and breathing your résumé
Artists think along the edges of the box, because that's where things get done. That's where the audience is, that's where the means of production are available, and that's where you can make an impact.
Initiating is really and truly difficult, and that’s what leaders do. They see something others are ignoring and they jump on it. They cause the events that others have to react to. They make change.
And obviously, from our own personal point of view, the principal challenge is a personal challenge.
And that’s what trust is. We don’t just trust people to obey the rules, we also trust that they know when to break them. The rules are there for normal operations. The rules are designed to avoid danger and help ensure that things go smoothly.
The entrepreneurial spirit has moved from the garage in high-tech to the kitchen in food.
Remember, people don’t buy from you because they understand what you sell—they buy from you because they feel understood.
The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anoying.
One way to figure out a great theory is to look at what’s working in the real world and figure out what the various successes have in common. With
I am a believer in smaller government, limited government, less regulation, less taxes, because I think to have more of those things, we suffocate the entrepreneurial spirit of this nation.
Letting your customers set your standards is a dangerous game, because the race to the bottom is pretty easy to win. Setting your own standards--and living up to them--is a better way to profit. Not to mention a better way to make your day worth all the effort you put into it." -
Es importante que el hecho de sentirte cómodo en una plataforma no te lleve al punto en que dejes de invertir tiempo para desarrollar habilidades sólidas en las otras. Tampoco te aferres a tu favorita cuando pierda la eficacia y se vuelva demasiado cara.
People don’t believe what you tell them. They rarely believe what you show them. They often believe what their friends tell them. They always believe what they tell themselves. What leaders do: they give people stories they can tell themselves. Stories about the future and about change.
Whether individuals or organisations, we follow those who lead not because we have to, but because we want to. We follow those who lead not for them, but for ourselves.
All organizations start with WHY, but only the great ones keep their WHY clear year after year. Those who forget WHY they were founded show up to the race every day to outdo someone else instead of to outdo themselves. The pursuit, for those who lose sight of WHY they are running the race, is for the medal or to beat someone else.
Tal como lo resumió Goethe,9 el gran pensador del siglo XIX: «Podemos juzgar fácilmente el carácter de un hombre fijándonos en cómo trata a los que no pueden hacer nada por él».
Leadership is not about being in charge. Leadership is about taking care of those in your charge.
How you anything is how you do everything
You never know with these things when you're trying something new what can happen. This is all experimental.
Even with objective metrics in hand, the argument about which is better or which is worse without first establishing a common standard creates nothing more than debate.
A Timid Trapeze Artist Is a Dead Trapeze Artist
I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better.
A fundamentalist is a person who considers whether a fact is acceptable to his religion before he explores it.As opposed to a curious person who explores first then considers whether or not he wants to accept the ramifications.
The lack of a clear set of values and beliefs, along with the weak culture that resulted, created the conditions for an every-man-for-himself environment, the long-term impact of which could yield little else than disaster. This is caveman stuff.
I think art is the ability to change people with your work, to see things as they are and then create stories, images, and interactions that change the marketplace.
If you’re trying to succeed in a job or a relationship or at a task, you’re either moving forward, falling behind, or standing still. There are only three choices. To
When an infinite-minded leader with a clear sense of Cause looks to the future and sees that the path they are on will significantly restrict their ability to advance their Just Cause, they flex.
You do people a service when you make better things and make it easy to talk about them. The best reason someone talks about you is because they’re actually talking about themselves: “Look at how good my taste is.” Or perhaps, “Look at how good I am at spotting important ideas.
There's no reason to do shit you hate. None.
The Golden Circle provides compelling evidence of how much more we can achieve if we remind ourselves to start everything we do by first asking why.
Civilizations don’t usually die from murder, to paraphrase the famous British historian Arnold Toynbee. Civilizations die from suicide. It is increasing dangers inside our organizations that threaten us most. And fortunately, those dangers are well within our control.
Focus is a choice. The runner who is concentrating on how much his left toe hurts will be left in the dust by the runner who is focusing on winning. Even if the winner's toe hurts just as much. Hurt, of course, is a matter of perception. Most of what we think about is. We have a choice about where to aim the lens of our attention.
Multiply that scenario by one hundred or one thousand books a year. Using permission, Amazon can fundamentally reconfigure the entire book industry, disintermediating and combining every step of the chain until there are only two: the writer and Amazon.
The relentless act of invention and innovation and initiative is the best marketing asset.
In weak companies the dreamers are expected to serve the planners. In great companies the planners feel inspired to serve the dreamers.
For values or guiding principles to be truly effective they have to be verbs. It’s not “integrity,” it’s “always do the right thing.” It’s not “innovation,” it’s “look at the problem from a different angle.” Articulating our values as verbs gives us a clear idea … we
Change isn't made by asking permission. Change is made by asking forgiveness, later.
Ads and marketing are supposed to make consumers feel something and then act on that feeling.
It doesn't matter when we start. It doesn't matter where we start. All that matters is that we start!
You have to approach the notion of success the way good parents approach their duty to their children; it's an honor, an obligation, and a priority.
This is a powerful book--Tiny is mighty. Sharon Rowe's simple shift in thinking is a profound idea, precisely what we need to hear.
It’s not failure, it’s unfinished success.
Silicon Valley has some of the smartest engineers and technology business people in the world.
The abundance mindset makes it easier to be graceful.
Cause Blindness blunts humility and exaggerates arrogance, which in turn stunts innovation and reduces the flexibility we need to play the long game.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
Here's the thing: the book that will most change your life is the book you write.
Real gifts don’t demand reciprocation (at least not direct reciprocation), and the best kinds of gifts are gifts of art.
The ability to succeed is not what makes someone a leader. Exhibiting the qualities of leadership is what makes someone an effective leader. Qualities like honesty, integrity, courage, resiliency, perseverance, judgment and decisiveness,
This is the basis for the false assumption that price or features matter more than they do. Those things matter, they provide us the tangible things we can point to to rationalize our decision-making, but they don't set the course and they don't inspire behavior.
All marketers are storytellers. Only the losers are liars.
I'd like to dial it back 5% or 10% and try to have a vacation that's not just e-mail with a view.
The thing most people don't pick up when they become an entrepreneur is that it never ends. It's 24/7.
Pracujte s lidmi, kteří věří v to, v co věříte vy.
Para monetizar tu marca personal y convertirla en negocio a través del uso de las redes de marketing social, necesitas establecer dos pilares: producto y contenido. —Crush It!, Capítulo
The reality is gas prices should be much more expensive then they are because we're not incorporating the true damage to the environment and the hidden costs of mining oil and transporting it to the U.S. Whenever you have an unpriced externality, you have a bit of a market failure, to the degree that eternality remains unpriced.
A combination of more convenience, better service, aggressive pricing, and better results will make you irresistible to some people.It wonʼt work for everyone. Some folks may never switch. But thatʼs okay. You donʼt need everyone. Just enough to keep you busy and the cash flowing!
There are many ways to motivate people to do things, but loyalty comes from the ability to inspire people. Only when the WHY is clear and when people believe what you believe can a true loyal relationship develop.
Winning 'Motor Trend' Car of the year is probably the closest thing to winning the Oscar or Emmy of the car industry.
There is a big difference between repeat business and loyalty. Repeat business is when people do business with you multiple times. Loyalty is when people are willing to turn down a better product or a better price to continue doing business with you.
Linchpins are the essential building blocks of tomorrow’s high-value organizations. They don’t bring capital or expensive machinery, nor do they blindly follow instructions and merely contribute labor. Linchpins are indispensable, the driving force of our future.
When it comes to professional opportunities, this is the best time to be alive in the history of humankind.
Because frequency is free in an online permission program, and much more effective offline, the marketer has the luxury of riding the impact curve up without a matching cost curve.
You will fail at this. Often. Why is that a problem? In fact, this is a boon. It’s a boon because when others fail to be remarkable or make a difference or share their art or have an impact, they will give up.
For most of us, we have warmer feelings for the projects we worked on where everything seemed to go wrong. We remember how the group stayed at work until 3 a.m., ate cold pizza and barely made the deadline. Those are the experiences we remember as some of our best days at work. It was not because of the hardship, per se, but because the hardship was shared. It is not the work we remember with fondness, but the camaraderie, how the group came together to get things done. And the reason is, once again, natural. In an effort to get us to help one another during times of struggle, our bodies release oxytocin. In other words, when we share the hardship, we biologically grow closer.
social media portfolio.
The connected economy of ideas demands that we contribute initiative. And yet we resist, because our lizard brain, the one that lives in fear, relentlessly exaggerates the cost of being wrong.
The critic who doesn’t like your work is correct. He doesn’t like your work. This cannot be argued with.
Those who work hardest to help others succeed will be seen by the group as the leader or the “alpha” of the group. And being the alpha—the strong, supportive one of the group, the one willing to sacrifice time and energy so that others may gain—is a prerequisite for leadership.
Before you invest in yourself, you have to invest in your long-term future.
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.
Those who have an opportunity to work in organizations that treat them like human beings to be protected rather than a resource to be exploited come home at the end of the day with an intense feeling of fulfillment and gratitude. This should be the rule for all of us, not the exception. Returning from work feeling inspired, safe, fulfilled and grateful is a natural human right to which we are all entitled and not a modern luxury that only a few lucky ones are able to find.
There are only two ways to influence human behavior: you can manipulate it or you can inspire it. When I mention manipulation, this is not necessarily pejorative; it’s a very common and fairly benign tactic. In fact, many of us have been doing it since we were young. “I’ll be your
In December, I agreed to extend the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans because it was the only way I could prevent a tax hike on middle-class Americans. But we cannot afford $1 trillion worth of tax cuts for every millionaire and billionaire in our society. We can't afford it. And I refuse to renew them again.
Even if your ambitions are huge, start slow, start small, build gradually, build smart.
Leadership is a choice. It is not a rank.
I would be a billionaire if I was looking to be a selfish boss. That's not me.
AS IF THE abstracting qualities of numbers and scale aren’t enough to deal with when trying to run an organization, these days we have the added complication of the virtual world. The Internet is nothing short of awe inspiring. It gives the power to operate at scale or spread ideas to anyone, be it a small business or a social movement. It gives us the ability to find and connect with people more easily. And it is incredible at speeding the pace of commercial transactions. All of these things are good. But, just as money was developed to help expedite and simplify transactions by allowing payment to be rendered without barter, we often use the Internet as a means to expedite and simplify communication and the relationships we build. And just as money can’t buy love, the Internet can’t buy deep, trusting relationships. What makes a statement like that somewhat tricky or controversial is that the relationships we form online feel real. We can, indeed, get bursts of serotonin when people “like” our pictures, pages or posts or when we watch ourselves go up in a ranking (you know how much serotonin loves a ranking). The feelings of admiration we get from virtual “likes” or the number of followers we have is not like the feelings of admiration we get from our children, or that a coach gets from their players. It is simply a public display of “like” with no sacrifice required—a new kind of status symbol, if you will. Put simply, though the love may feel real, the relationship is still virtual. Relationships can certainly start online, but they only become real when we meet face-to-face.
It doesn't matter if anyone reads it, buys it, sponsors it or shares it. It matters that you show up.
I’ve never chased money. It’s always been about what I can do to motivate and inspire people.
Well, I don't know as I want a lawyer to tell me what I cannot do. I hire him to tell how to do what I want to do.
Every single important thing we do is something we didn't use to be good at, and in fact, might be something we used to fear.
We’re extremely adroit at hiding our fear. Most of our lives in public are spent papering over, rationalizing, and otherwise denying our fear. We go to war because we’re afraid, and we often go to spiritual events for the very same reason.
Products with a clear sense of WHY give people a way to tell the outside world who they are and what they believe. Remember, people don’t buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it. If a company does not have a clear sense of WHY then it is impossible for the outside world to perceive anything more than WHAT the company does. And when that happens, manipulations that rely on pushing price, features, service or quality become the primary currency of differentiation.
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
AUGUST 5, 1981. That’s the date it became official. It’s rare that we can point to an exact date when a business theory or idea becomes an accepted practice. But in the case of mass layoffs, we can. August 5, 1981, was the day President Ronald Reagan fired more than 11,000 air traffic controllers.
We run our schools like factories. We line kids up in straight rows, put them in batches (called grades), and work very hard to make sure there are no defective parts. Nobody standing out, falling behind, running ahead, making a ruckus. Playing it safe. Following the rules. Those seem like the best ways to avoid failure.
If you took organic chemistry in college, you’ve experienced the Dip. Academia doesn’t want too many unmotivated people to attempt medical school, so they set up a screen. Organic chemistry is the killer class, the screen that separates the doctors from the psychologists. If you can’t handle organic chemistry, well, then, you can’t go to med school.
Nuestro éxito como especie no fue cuestión de suerte: nos lo ganamos. Trabajamos mucho para llegar a donde estamos hoy, y lo hicimos juntos. Estamos diseñados para trabajar juntos. En un nivel profundamente arraigado y biológico, somos máquinas sociales. Y cuando trabajamos para ayudarnos mutuamente, nuestros cuerpos nos recompensan por nuestro esfuerzo para que sigamos haciéndolo.
Because the lower performers are not willing to step up and take responsibility to increase their production, they can only seek to tear down those who are performing at higher levels.
Instead of asking, “WHAT should we do to compete?” the questions must be asked, “WHY did we start doing WHAT we’re doing in the first place, and WHAT can we do to bring our cause to life considering all the technologies and market opportunities available today?” But
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
When access to information was limited, we needed to load student sup with facts. Now, when we have no scarcity of facts or the access to them, we need to load them up with understanding.
Leaders who set out to give are more productive than leaders who seek to get. Even
When I got to the Mavericks people were all giving me advice - change this, change that - and one thing that I didn't do was fire anybody.
I love the freedom of movement that my phone gives me. That has definitely transformed my life.
La gente cree en lo que ve, no en lo que escucha. Siempre pon por escrito tus presentaciones, ofertas y precios para que los clientes puedan verlos con sus propios ojos.
A tribe is a group of people connected to one another, connected to a leader, and connected to an idea. For millions of years, human beings have been part of one tribe or another. A group needs only two things to be a tribe: a shared interest and a way to communicate.
We must model the behavior we want to see, actively incentivize the kinds of behaviors that build trust and give people responsible freedom and the support they need to flourish in their jobs
there is more evidence that sales don’t significantly increase and bonds of loyalty are not formed simply when companies say or do everything their customers want. Henry Ford summed it up best. “If I had asked people what they wanted,” he said, “they would have said a faster horse.
Tener mil vistas y cien comentarios es mucho mejor que diez mil vistas y un comentario”.
Marketing is the act of telling stories about the things we make—stories that sell and stories that spread.
The peer pressure works because we believe that majority or the experts might know more than we do. Peer pressure works not because the majority or experts are always right but because we fear that we are maybe wrong. ...Have you ever had a sales wrap by selling you an office solution, by telling you that 70% of your competitors are using the service so why aren't you?" -"But what if 70% of your competitors are idiots?
Quitting is better than coping because quitting frees you up to excel at something else.
Pero también hay otra razón para no fingir. Las únicas personas que se creerán tus mentiras cuando finjas ser algo que no eres, serán los mismos clientes que no querrás tener en diez años, o ni siquiera en diez meses.
This is important because our behavior is affected by our assumptions or our perceived truths. We make decisions based on what we think we know.
si está en Facebook, tal vez se esté poniendo al día con sus amigos y su familia. Tal vez vaya a Snapchat para consumir un ratito de entretenimiento a la hora de la comida, pero si tiene ganas de pasar la tarde viendo videos extensos de la misma manera que las generaciones anteriores veían televisión, entonces irá a YouTube.
Great leaders, in contrast, are able to inspire people to act. Those who are able to inspire give people a sense of purpose or belonging that has little to do with any external incentive or benefit to be gained.
Everything you say and everything you do has to prove what you believe.
Social Media= Business. Period.
Those who truly lead are able to create a following of people who act not because they were swayed, but because they were inspired.
cuando una empresa transmite con claridad su PORQUÉ, aquello en lo que cree, y nosotros creemos en lo que ella cree, entonces a veces nos esforzaremos de manera extraordinaria para incluir esos productos o marcas en nuestras vidas.
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
It’s damaging to build organizations around repetitive faceless work that brings no connection and no joy. As
Success comes from doing the hard part. When the hard part is all you've got, you're more likely to do it.And this is precisely why it's difficult to focus. Because focusing means acknowledging that you just signed up for the hard part.
You get what you deserve when you embrace the Dip and treat it like the opportunity that it really is. If you can keep going when the system is expecting you to stop, you will achieve extraor­dinary results. The people who make it through the Dip are scarce, so they generate more value. For whatever reason, they refuse to abandon the quest and they push through the Dip to the other side. The focus is rewarded by a marketplace in search of the best in the world. The Dip is the secret to your success."-Seth Godin
Never quit something with great long-term potential just because you can’t deal with the stress of the moment.
Become so sold, so convinced, so committed to your company, product, and service that you believe it would be a terrible thing for the buyer to do business anywhere else with any other product.
If the leaders of organizations give their people something to believe in, if they offer their people a challenge that outsizes their resources but not their intellect, the people will give everything they’ve got to solve the problem. And in the process, not only will they invent and advance the company, they may even change an industry or the world in the process (just as an early version of Microsoft did). But if the resources are vastly greater than the problem before us, then the abundance works against us. Though it may take small steps to make a big leap, it is the vision of the big leap and not the action of the small steps that inspires us. And only after we have committed ourselves to that vision can we look back at our lives and say to ourselves that the work we did mattered.
Art is never defect-free. Things that are remarkable never meet spec, because that would make them standardized, not worth talking about.
empresario exitoso es el que aplica suficiente energía para mover la palanca y ejecuta sus acciones de tal forma que el trabajo no se desperdicie.
When you come into the industry as an outsider, you need to have an entrepreneurial spirit to succeed. In Hollywood, it's very clear that you either play by the rules or make up your own. And I wanted to do it my way.
You will never become a category of one if you run with the pack.
But when a company clearly communicates their WHY, what they believe, and we believe what they believe, then we will sometimes go to extraordinary lengths to include those products or brands in our lives.
The Wright brothers, Apple and Dr. King are just three examples. Harley-Davidson, Disney and Southwest Airlines are three more. John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan were also able to inspire.
Just about everything you learned in school about life is wrong, but the wrongest thing might very well be this: Being well rounded is the secret to success.
Para obtener una sensación duradera de orgullo, debe existir la relación con un mentor/padre/jefe/entrenador/líder que la respalde.
Los analistas de Wall Street criticaron durante años la estrategia de Costco de gastar tanto en su gente, en lugar de recortar gastos para aumentar los márgenes y contribuir a incrementar el valor de sus acciones.98 Wall Street preferiría que la empresa se centrara en lo QUE hace a expensas de POR QUÉ lo hace. Un analista del Deutsche Bank le dijo a la revista FORTUNE: «Costco sigue siendo una empresa a la que se le da mejor servir a un miembro del club y a un empleado que a un accionista».
That's been one of my mantras - focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.
And that’s what trust is. We don’t just trust people to obey the rules, we also trust that they know when to break them. The rules are there for normal operations. The rules are designed to avoid danger and help ensure that things go smoothly. And though there are guidelines for how to deal with emergencies, at the end of the day, we trust the expertise of a special few people to know when to break the rules.
For values or guiding principles to be truly effective they have to be verbs. It’s not “integrity,” it’s “always do the right thing.” It’s not “innovation,” it’s “look at the problem from a different angle.” Articulating our values as verbs gives us a clear idea . . . we have a clear idea of how to act in any situation.
After I pass on to another life, I would like the people to think of David Koch and my brother Charles as people  who did everything they could to make the world a better place to live.
The thermostat, on the other hand, manages to change the environment in sync with the outside world. Every organization needs at least one thermostat. These are leaders who can create change in response to the outside world, and do it consistently over time.
A lot of companies have chosen to downsize, and maybe that was the right thing for them. We chose a different path. Our belief was that if we kept putting great products in front of customers, they would continue to open their wallets.
The challenge is this: training creative, independent, and innovative artists is new to us.
Use Twitter Search to act as your bionic ears.
Though we may have desires or bold goals, for whatever reason, most of us don't think we can achieve something beyond what we're qualified to achieve. Why, I ask, do we let reality interfere with our dreams?
I've learned the number one job of a pro manager is not to win championships but to keep their job.
Developing your personal brand is key to monetizing your passion online.
Never set realistic goals; you can get a realistic life without setting goals for it. I
Of all the inventions of humans, the computer is going to rank near or at the top as history unfolds and we look back. It is the most awesome tool that we have ever invented. I feel incredibly lucky to be at exactly the right place in Silicon Valley, at exactly the right time, historically, where this invention has taken form.
People and organizations who know their WHY enjoy greater, long-term success, command greater trust and loyalty among employees and customers and are more forward-thinking and innovative than their competition.
Art is the unique work of a human being, work that touches another.
The world's biggest problems are the world's biggest market opportunities. And that's a huge thing. Solve hunger, literacy and energy problems, get the gratitude of the world and become a billionaire in the process.
A great storyteller is keenly attuned to his audience; he knows when to slow down for maximum suspense and when to speed up for comic effect. He can sense when he’s losing people’s interest and can make adjustments to his tone or even to the story itself to recapture their attention.
Believe it or not, quitting is often a great strategy, a smart way to manage your life and your career. Sometimes, though, quitting is exactly the wrong thing to do.
My friend didn’t understand what it means to be in the world, to be present and aware.
As social animals, we feel stress when we feel unsupported. That subconscious unease, the feeling that we are responsible for ourselves and no one else is there to help, the feeling we get that most of the people with whom we work care primarily about themselves, is, to our primitive brain, quite scary. And the problem is not with the people, it is with the environment.
Conformity no longer leads to comfort. But the good news is that creativity is scarce, and more valuable than ever. So is choosing to do something unpredictable and brave: make art. Being an artist isn’t a genetic disposition or a specific talent. It’s an attitude we can all adopt. It’s a hunger to seize new ground, make connections, and work without a map. If you do those things you’re an artist, no matter what it says on your business card.
when human beings, even engineers, are put in an environment for which we were designed. We stay. We remain loyal. We help each other and we do our work with pride and passion.
Great bosses and world-class organizations hire motivated people, set high expectations, and give their people room to become remarkable. The
Truly human leadership protects an organization from the internal rivalries that can shatter a culture. When we have to protect ourselves from each other, the whole organization suffers. But when trust and cooperation thrive internally, we pull together and the organization grows stronger as a result.
One reason to buy a watch (or a book) is because you want to possess it, show it off, give it to your grandchildren. Holding a book is a luxury, one for which you pay a premium.
This Is a Manifesto About Starting Starting a project, making a ruckus, taking what feels like a risk. Not just “I’m starting to think about it,” or “We’re going to meet on this,” or even “I filed a patent application. . . .” No, starting. Going beyond the point of no return. Leaping. Committing. Making something happen.
Weak and overwhelmed individuals respond to others' success by attacking it.
Working with a sense of obligation is replaced by working with a sense of pride. And coming to work for the company is replaced by coming to work for each other. Work is no longer a place to dread. It is a place to feel valued.
Seeing clearly means that you’re smart enough to know when a project is doomed, or brave enough to persevere when your colleagues are fleeing for the hills. Abandoning your worldview in order to try on someone else’s is the first step in being able to see things as they are.
There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second.
It takes these very simple-minded instructions - 'Go fetch a number, add it to this number, put the result there, perceive if it's greater than this other number' - but executes them at a rate of, let's say, 1,000,000 per second. At 1,000,000 per second, the results appear to be magic.
A battery by definition is a collection of cells. So the cell is a little can of chemicals. And the challenge is taking a very high-energy cell, and a large number of them, and combining them safely into a large battery.
Ésta es la razón por la que a menudo se considera que la actividad empresarial es sólo para la gente joven, porque se necesita demasiada energía para hacer despegar una marca personal o un negocio.
Anatomy of a MovementSenator Bill Bradley defines a movement as having three elements: (1) A narrative that tells a story about who we are and the future we're trying to build. (2) A connection between and among the leader and the tribe. (3) Something to do - the fewer limits the better. Too often organizations fail to do anything but the third.
Someone who lives a healthy lifestyle and is in a habit of exercising does not respond to "six easy steps to losing weight." Its those who don't have the lifestyle that are most susceptible
Once the habit is ingrained and you become the starter, the center of the circle, you will find more and more things to notice, to instigate, and to initiate. Momentum builds and you get better at generating it. If you go to bed at night knowing that people are expecting you to initiate things all day the next day, you’ll wake up with a list. And as you create a culture of people who are always seeking to connect and improve and poke, the bar gets raised. What might be considered a board-level decision at one of your competitors’ companies gets done as a matter of course. What might be reserved for a manager’s intervention gets handled at the customer level, saving you time and money (and generating customer joy). This incredibly prosaic idea, the very simple act of initiating, is actually profoundly transformative. Forward motion is a defensible business asset.
The cost of being wrong is less than the cost of doing nothing.
Companies with a strong sense of WHY are able to inspire their employees.
Leadership is the choice to serve others with or without any formal rank.
leaders are not responsible for the results, leaders are responsible for the people who are responsible for the results. And the best way to drive performance in an organization is to create an environment in which information can flow freely, mistakes can be highlighted and help can be offered and received.
we are required to live up to the potential with which we've each been blessed. I even suggest that failing to insist upon abundant amounts of success is somewhat unethical.
Obviously Tesla is about helping solve the consumption of energy in a sustainable manner, but you need the production of energy in a sustainable manner.
The greatest contribution of a leader is to make other leaders.
If your feet are in two buckets and the average temperature of the water is 90 degrees, you’re probably fine—unless one bucket is at 35 and the other is at 145 degrees. On average, you’re fine. Based on variation, though, you’re miserable.
Cash. It is the oxygen of your business.
la capacidad de inducir a las personas, mediante su crecimiento, a hacer lo que haga falta es lo que crea un éxito estable y duradero.
Success tends to bless those who are most committed to giving it the most attention.
You have to be able to tolerate what you don’t necessarily like so you can be free.
In unstable times, growth comes from leaders who create change and engage their organizations, instead of from managers who push their employees to do more for less.
Do you have enough money in the bank to make it if everything goes wrong?If you do, congratulations. Go run your business with focus and with confidence. Stick with the high road and do the things you need to realize your business plan.If not, donʼt despair. You need an alternate plan. A plan that allows you to spend a percent- age of your time each week on low-risk revenue sources. A way to bring in freelance income while you build your core business.
You don’t hire for skills, you hire for attitude. You can always teach skills.
Sooner or later, many idealists transform themselves into disheartened realists who mistakenly believe that giving up is the same thing as being realistic.
Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it.
They are members of a very select group of leaders who do something very, very special. They inspire us.
No one will benefit from your failure. However, if you were able to reverse it and attain the goals and dreams you set for yourself—now, that would be something.
Google gives preference to its own products, so having a Google+ account influences your search rankings.
WHATs are products, services and job functions we perform. HOWs are values, guiding principles and actions that make us stand out. The WHY defines what the organization stands for—it is the collective purpose, cause or belief.
The job is what you do when you are told what to do. The job is showing up at the factory, following instructions, meeting spec, and being managed.Someone can always do your job a little better or faster or cheaper than you can.The job might be difficult, it might require skill, but it's a job.Your art is what you do when no one can tell you exactly how to do it. Your art is the act of taking personal responsibility, challenging the status quo, and changing people.I call the process of doing your art 'the work.' It's possible to have a job and do the work, too. In fact, that's how you become a linchpin.The job is not the work.
UN MUNDO QUE NO EMPIEZA CON EL PORQUÉ
When you’re doing hard work, getting rejected, failing, working it out—this is a dumb time to make a situational decision about whether it’s time for a nap or a day off or a coffee break. Zig Ziglar taught me this twenty years ago. Make your schedule before you start. Don’t allow setbacks or blocks or anxiety to push you to say, “hey, maybe I should check my e-mail for a while, or you know, I could use a nap.” If you do that, the lizard brain will soon be trained to use that escape hatch again and again.
Every day you stay is a bad strategic decision for your career because every day you get better at something that isn’t that useful—and you are another day behind others who are learning something more useful.
I think companies psych themselves out and say, 'Now that we're public, we've got to get all stuffy. We've got to be a certain way,' and the entrepreneurial spirit dies. What you got to keep alive is the intimacy, the energy, this crazed sense of purpose.
Will is generated by the company culture.
The drive to win is not, per se, a bad thing. Problems arise, however, when the metric becomes the only measure of success, when what you achieve is no longer tied to WHY you set out to achieve it in the first place.
It’s hard for me to imagine how a $50 million marketing campaign is ever appropriate for any business to launch an ideavirus. If you need to interrupt that many people, you’re doing something wrong.
If they had started their sales pitch with WHY the product existed in the first place, the product itself would have become the proof of the higher cause—proof of WHY.
There are leaders and there are those who lead. Leaders hold a position of power or influence. Those who lead inspire us. Whether individuals or organizations, we follow those who lead not because we have to, but because we want to. We follow those who lead not for them, but for ourselves. This is a book for those who want to inspire others and for those who want to find someone to inspire them.
If you never want to be criticized, for goodness’ sake don’t do anything new.
Debes estar absolutamente convencido de que tu producto, tu servicio o tu compañía son infinitamente mejores que los demás. Muchos vendedores saben que sus productos son los mejores y, mientras otros ofrecen beneficios similares, el suyo ofrece algo más.
It encourages you to focus on your work and the generosity that comes from interacting with (and helping) your community.
A fundamentalist is a person who considers whether a fact is acceptable to his religion before he explores it.
So now, having learned from machines, organizations are applying the same logic to people. Letting people in the organization use their best judgment turns out to be faster and cheaper—but only if you hire the right people and reward them for having the right attitude.
I want to put a ding in the universe.
When our leaders give us something noble to be a part of, offer us a compelling purpose or reason why we should come to work, something that will outlive us, it seems to give us the power to do the right thing when called upon, even if we have to make sacrifices to our comfort in the short term.
Understanding HOW you do things and, more importantly, having the discipline to hold the organization and all its employees accountable to those guiding principles enhances an organization’s ability to work to its natural strengths.
With artificial intelligence, we are summoning the demon. You know all those stories where there's the guy with the pentagram and the holy water, and he's like, yeah, he's sure he can control the demon? Doesn't work out.
The more we give of ourselves to see others succeed, the greater our value to the group and the more respect they offer us. The more respect and recognition we receive, the higher our status in the group and the more incentive we have to continue to give to the group.
You and your organization have the power to change everything. To create remarkable products and services. To over deliver. To be the best in the world. How dare you squander that resource by spreading it too thin. How dare you settle for mediocre just because you’re busy coping with too many things on your agenda, racing against the clock to get it all done.
Trust comes from being a part of a culture or organization with a common set of values and beliefs. Trust is maintained when the values and beliefs are actively managed.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk… In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
a Circle of Safety, when people trust and share their successes and failures, what they know and what they don’t know, the result is innovation. It’s just natural.
challenges. The idea of being overwhelmed, I believe, is the result of never taking enough action to generate enough winning.
You should learn from your competitor, but never copy. Copy and you die.
Those who seek out discomfort are able to make a difference!
Pero esto no es lo que hacen los líderes y las empresas inspirados. Cada uno de ellos, con independencia del tamaño o sector, piensa, actúa y se expresa de adentro afuera. Analicemos de nuevo ese ejemplo de Apple y reescribámoslo siguiendo el orden en que la empresa se expresa realmente. En esta ocasión, el ejemplo empieza con el PORQUÉ. Creemos en desafiar el estado de las cosas con todo lo que hacemos. Creemos en pensar diferente. Nuestra manera de desafiar el orden establecido es fabricando unos productos bien diseñados, sencillos y fáciles de utilizar por los usuarios. Y da la casualidad de que fabricamos unos ordenadores fantásticos. ¿Quieres comprar uno?
Most of the time, we deal with the obstacles by persevering. Sometimes we get discouraged and turn to inspirational writing, like stuff from Vince Lombardi: “Quitters never win and winners never quit.” Bad advice. Winners quit all the time. They just quit the right stuff at the right time.
The road to comfort is crowded and it rarely gets you there. Ironically, it’s those who seek out discomfort that are able to make a difference and find their footing.
So sure, start with a slogan. But don't bother wasting any time on it if you're merely going for catchy. Aim for true instead.
Anxiety is experiencing failure in advance. Tell yourself enough vivid stories about the worst possible outcome of your work and you’ll soon come to believe them. Worry is not preparation, and anxiety doesn’t make you better.
One thing that most comic artists avoid is showing decisions. They show action, sure, and they show results, but they don’t show (because it’s difficult to show) the hero or the villain making a choice.
Those who lead are able to do so because those who follow trust that the decisions made at the top have the best interest of the group at heart.
Those who fear risk also begin to fear movement of any kind.
Micro-Content + Community Management = Effective Social Media Marketing Some
Don't find customers for your products, find products for your customers.
It’s all a risk. Always. That’s not true, actually. The only exception: it’s a certainty that there’s risk. The safer you play your plans for the future, the riskier it actually is. That’s because the world is certainly, definitely, and more than possibly changing.
I still work hard to know my business. I'm continuously looking for ways to improve all my companies, and I'm always selling. Always.
people don’t buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it.
Leadership requires two things: a vision of the world that does not yet exist and the ability to communicate it.
Marketing used to be about advertising, and advertising is expensive. Today, marketing is about engaging with the tribe and delivering products and services with stories that spread.
people who share your beliefs and want to incorporate your ideas, your products and your services into their own lives as WHATs to their own WHYs. They look to WHAT you do as a tangible element that demonstrates their own purpose, cause or belief to the outside world. Their willingness to pay a premium or suffer inconvenience to use your product or service says more about them than it does about you and your products. Their ability to easily see WHY they need to incorporate your products into their lives makes this group the most loyal customers. They are also the most loyal shareholders and the most loyal employees. No matter where they sit in the spectrum, these are the people who not only love you but talk about you. Get enough of the people on the left side of the curve on your side and they encourage the rest to follow.
La ineludible verdad es que, para ser realmente bueno en algo, debes entregarte por completo a ello.
Cuando conoces algo en esencia puedes predecir los resultados. Y quien puede predecir resultados posee verdadera confianza y libertad.
What if there were no longer only two sides? Not just capital versus labor, but a third team, one that straddled elements of both? I think there’s a huge opportunity for a third kind of participant, a linchpin, and now there is an opportunity to change all the rules that we’ve lived with all our lives. There is a shortage of this third kind of worker, and that shortage means that the market needs you desperately. The con game is ending, at least for people passionate enough to do something about it.
Those who are able to inspire will create a following of people—supporters, voters, customers, workers—who act for the good of the whole not because they have to, but because they want to.
I believe in benevolent dictatorship provided I am the dictator.
Why are you easily replaceable at one venue but not the other? Are you charming when you go on a date or meet a handsome guy at a party? But not at a meeting at work?
The purity of the message makes it even more remarkable. It’s easy to tell someone about the Leaning Tower. Much harder to tell them about the Pantheon in Rome. So, even though the Pantheon is beautiful, breathtaking, and important, it sees 1 percent of the crowds that the harder-to-get-to Tower in Pisa gets.
Working hard for something we don't care about is called stress: Working hard for something we love is called passion.
What's dangerous is not to evolve.
Marketing is the generous act of helping others become who they seek to become. It involves creating honest stories—stories that resonate and spread. Marketers offer solutions, opportunities for humans to solve their problems and move forward.
Integrity is when our words and deeds are consistent with our intentions.
Desire for gain versus avoidance of loss.
My passion is music, you know, and music influences culture, influences lifestyle, which leads me to 'Roc-A-Wear'. I was forced to be an entrepreneur, so that led me to be CEO of 'Roc-A-Fella' records, which lead to Def Jam.
What most people want in a leader is something that's very difficult to find: we want someone who listens...The secret, Reagan's secret, is to listen, to value what you hear, and then to make a decision even if it contradicts the very people you are listening to. Reagan impressed his advisers, his adversaries, and his voters by actively listening. People want to be sure you hear what they said - they're less focused on whether or not you do what they said.
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
Land on Mars, a round-trip ticket - half a million dollars. It can be done.
Greece has been, in many ways, a partially dysfunctional society. For example, the wealthy barely pay taxes... to an extent, that's true elsewhere, including the United States, but it's been pretty extreme in Greece.
Our goal, as leaders, is to ensure that our people have the skills—technical skills, human skills or leadership skills—so that they are equipped to work to their natural best and be a valuable asset to the team.
Whatʼs a bootstrapper to do? You have to go where the other guys canʼt. Take advantage of what you have so that you can beat the competition with what they donʼt.
Without managed trust, people will show up to do their jobs and they will worry primarily about themselves. This is the root of office politics—people acting within the system for self-gain often at the expense of others, even the company. If a company doesn’t manage trust, then those working for it will not trust the company, and self-interest becomes the overwhelming motivation. This may be good for the short term, but over time the organization will get weaker and weaker.
If I was a billionaire, I'd be smart with my money.
If you’re in business, first and foremost, you have to be nice. Show your customers that you care. Exhibit your wares in an attractive and evocative way. Be generous with your knowledge. Be truthful. If you can’t provide what someone is looking for, make sure to help her find someone who can. Use every customer point of contact to weave stories about who you are and what your brand stands for. Then, and only then, throw that right hook with everything you’ve got.
Our culture works hard to prevent change.
If a movement is to have an impact it must belong to those who join it not just those who lead it.
as consumers, we’re too busy to pay attention to advertising, but we’re desperate to find good stuff that solves our problems.
The Dip creates scarcity; scarcity creates value
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
My kids’ generation may be the last generation that holds university to such high esteem.
When I came into office, people said, 'Billionaire? How do they live? What do they eat? How do they sleep?' Today, they see me on the subway coming uptown. A couple of people say hi, some people smile and nod. Some people just sleep. It's not an issue.
Leadership is the art of giving people a platform for spreading ideas that work.
your profits should funnel right back into your research, your content, and your staff should you have any. The sooner you start cashing in, the shorter window you have in which to cement your success.
...the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce. To create solutions and hustle them out the door. To touch the humanity inside and connect to the humans in the marketplace.
Content is king, but context is God. You can put out good content, but if it ignores the context of the platform on which it appears, it can still fall flat.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears.
When we are able to physically see the positive impact of the decisions we make or the work we do, not only do we feel that our work was worth it, but it also inspires us to work harder and do more.
Everything he talked about was in terms of how it benefited the employees.
There are two types of claims: those based on hard numbers and those based on slippery numbers.
There is a big difference between repeat business and loyalty. Repeat business is when people do business with you multiple times. Loyalty is when people are willing to turn down a better product or a better price to continue doing business with you. Loyal customers often don’t even bother to research the competition or entertain other options.
When our leaders give us something noble to be a part of, offer us a compelling purpose or reason why we should come to work, something that will outlive us, it seems to give us the power to do the right thing when called upon, even if we have to make sacrifices to our comfort in the short term. And when a leader embraces their responsibility to care for people instead of caring for numbers, then people will follow, solve problems and see to it that that leader’s vision comes to life the right way, a stable way and not the expedient way.
Trump channeled ethno-populist rage as naturally and charismatically as George Wallace had during the 1960s, while seating a billionaire cabinet.
Of course, the challenge of being the initiator is that you’ll be wrong. You’ll pick the wrong thing, you’ll waste time, you’ll be blamed. This is why being an initiator is valuable. Most people shy away from the challenge. They’ve been too abused, they’re too fearful, they hold back, they’re happy to let someone else take the heat. Initiative is scarce. Hence valuable. Ditch digging is not scarce. It’s not hard at all to find manual labor at minimum wage, which is precisely why manual labor gets paid minimum wage. It’s extremely difficult to find smart people willing to start useful projects. Because sometimes what you start doesn’t work. The fact that it doesn’t work every time should give you confidence, because it means you’re doing something that frightens others.
Social networks do best when they tap into one of the seven deadly sins. Facebook is ego. Zynga is sloth. LinkedIn is greed.
Modern society is based on a modern idea: get the work done by replaceable cogs, by individuals programmed to do what they’re told, follow instructions and work cheap. The attraction of this system is evident by how easily ordinary organizations replace ordinary employees, and how eagerly schools indoctrinate their students.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Social media has made it possible for consumers to interact with businesses in a way that is often similar to how they interact with their friends and family.
All coping does is waste your time and misdirect your energy. If the best you can do is cope, you’re better off quitting.
Amazon appears to be building a permission asset, not a brand asset.
The secret of being wrong isn’t to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. The secret is realizing that wrong isn’t fatal.
A group needs only two things to be a tribe: a shared interest and a way to communicate.
If all online products at all online stores are the same, then of course I’ll use a price-shopping Web site to find the cheapest product
The customers have input over almost every aspect of the restaurant brand. They build menu items, determine price structures and hours of operation, suggest promotions, and even guest bartend for charity events. How does Joe Sorge dare give such control of his brand over to his customers? Two reasons. The first is that one-to-one relationships make life more fun. The second is that in a Thank You Economy, it pays off. Big. Knowing his customer base has always been a priority for Sorge. The idea that you have to create a welcoming atmosphere in a restaurant is a no-brainer, but at AJ Bombers, online customers get as much attention as anyone sitting at a four-top.
Men wanted for Hazardous journey. Small wages, bitter cold, long months of complete darkness, constant danger, safe return doubtful. Honour and recognition in case of success.” The
Apple inspires. Apple starts with Why.
I’ve been spending a ton of hours on Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, Snapchat, Meerkat, Periscope, LinkedIn, and many other platforms, and from this man’s point of view we are living in an unbelievably interesting time. I haven’t felt this sense of disruption since 2006–2007, when Facebook and Twitter started to eat away at Friendster and MySpace. The
This feeling of belonging, of shared values and a deep sense of empathy, dramatically enhances trust, cooperation and problem solving. United States Marines are better equipped to confront external dangers because they fear no danger from each other. They operate in a strong Circle of Safety.
is a given that profit is the goal of any business, but to suggest it is the primary responsibility of a business is misguided. It is the leaders of companies that see profit as fuel for their cultures that will outlast their dopamine-addicted, cortisol-soaked competitors.
Parents raise children for themselves, to look good in the eyes of others, not for the kid. This is the problem that also applies to business.
How do you stay motivated?” The answer? I create new reasons to keep showing up. The unsuccessful unceasingly suggest, “If I had what [that person] had, I would retire.” But I don't believe this claim for a second. First of all, they don't know if that's true, since they can't tell how they'd respond to success.
Asimismo, admitir que todavía estás aprendiendo le dará a la gente una razón para seguir de cerca tu progreso; también te permitirá estar mucho más emocionado cuando finalmente puedas decir: “Se los dije”.
Because when it comes down to it, the only thing that will never change is human nature. When given the choice, people will always spend their time around people they like.
If you appreciate a gift, consider saying, “thank you and . . .
Weak leaders are the ones who only extend the benefits of the Circle of Safety to their fellow senior executives and a chosen few others.
Generous and authentic leadership will always defeat the selfish efforts of someone doing it just because she can. How
if your content can make a person feel, he is likely to share it with others, providing you with amplified word of mouth at a fraction of the cost of most other media.
You need to be in the position where it is the cost of the fuel that actually matters and not the cost of building the rocket in the first place.
Being an artist isn’t a genetic disposition or a specific talent. It’s an attitude we can all adopt. It’s a hunger to seize new ground, make connections, and work without a map. If you do those things, you’re an artist.
You can create dozens or even hundreds of paths for an individual to follow from the first contact until the highest level of permission is granted.
But when a company clearly communicates their WHY, what they believe, and we believe what they believe, then we will sometimes go to extraordinary lengths to include those products or brands in our lives. This is not because they are better, but because they become markers or symbols of the values and beliefs we hold dear.
You should never automate your content to pretend you’re generating the content right then and there—in other words, to help you fake a human interaction. Ever. Especially tweets, for reasons you’ll read about below. That
When people start limiting the amount of success they desire, I assure you they will limit what will be required of them in order to achieve success and will fail miserably at doing what it takes to keep it. This
The opportunity is not to discover the perfect company for ourselves. The opportunity is to build the perfect company for each other.
When we align emotionally with our customers and clients, our connection is much stronger and more meaningful than any affiliation based on features and benefits. That’s what starting with WHY is all about.
When we recognize the fraud for what it is, we feel incredibly stupid. Something more than our bank accounts is damaged—our egos are damaged. As a result, it’s almost impossible for the marketer to regain our trust.
Money is a perfectly legitimate measurement of goods sold or services rendered. But it is no calculation of value. Just because somebody makes a lot of money does not mean that he necessarily provides a lot of value. Likewise, just because somebody makes a little money does not necessarily mean he provides only a little value.
Real gifts don’t demand reciprocation (at least not direct reciprocation), and the best kinds of gifts are gifts of art. Alcoholics
My uncle used to make tennis rackets. His rackets were made in the exact same factory as a name-brand racket. They were made of the same material on the same machine. The only difference was that when my uncle’s rackets came off the assembly line, they didn’t put the well-known brand logo on the product. My uncle’s rackets sold for less money, in the same big-box retailer, next to the name-brand rackets. Month after month, the name-brand rackets outsold the generic-brand ones. Why? Because people perceived greater value from the name-brand rackets and felt just fine paying a premium for that feeling. On a strictly rational scale, the generic rackets offered better value. But again, value is a perception, not a calculation, which is the reason companies make such a big deal about investing in their brand. But a strong brand, like all other intangible factors that contribute to the perception of value, starts with a clear sense of WHY.
Every day is a new chance to choose. Choose to change your perspective. Choose to flip the switch in your mind. Turn on the light and stop fretting about with insecurity and doubt. Choose to do your work and be free of distraction. Choose to see the best in someone,
Years ago, children helped my brother search for his lost ball at Jackson Park Golf Course in Chicago - and even offered to sell it back to him on the next tee. That entrepreneurial spirit, on the site of the 1893 World's Fair - which introduced Cracker Jacks to the United States - exemplifies America, to say nothing of American public golf.
Make sure you are the boss. I don't think I would encourage executives that work for me to blog. There can be only 1 public vision for an organization.
The only reason the field continues to grow is because of increasing demand. The more we try to make ourselves feel better, the worse we seem to feel.
Average companies give their people something to work on. In contrast, the most innovative organizations give their people something to work toward.
How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable?
Everyone is lonely. Connect.
Just Because It Works Doesn’t Make It Right The danger of manipulations is that they work. And because manipulations work, they have become the norm, practiced by the vast majority of companies and organizations, regardless of size or industry. That fact alone creates a systemic peer pressure. With perfect irony, we, the manipulators, have been manipulated by our own system. With every price drop, promotion, fear-based or aspirational message, and novelty we use to achieve our goals, we find our companies, our organizations and our systems getting weaker and weaker.
is a feeling, not a calculation. It is perception. One
It is because of dopamine that, in our modern day, we like shopping or collecting things—though there is no rational benefit to most of our hobbies, we enjoy them because they satisfy our prehistoric foraging desires.
Believe it or not, quitting is often a great strategy, a smart way to manage your life and your career.
Como vendedor que soy, prefiero a un cliente informado que a uno desinformado por la sencilla razón de que el primero puede tomar una decisión y puedo interactuar con él de manera lógica. En cambio, el comprador desinformado tiende a basar sus decisiones en cuestiones emocionales.
As our society gets more complex and our people get more complacent, the role of the jester is more vital than ever before. Please stop sitting around. We need you to make a ruckus.
A penny saved is still just a fucking penny.
Faced with an infinite number of choices, many people pick the market leader.
They say the best way to complain is to make things better.
There have to be reasons that you get up in the morning and you want to live. Why do you want to live? What's the point? What inspires you? What do you love about the future? If the future does not include being out there among the stars and being a multi-planet species, I find that incredibly depressing.
And too often, that purpose is simply a backward way of saying, “I’d like to sell more of what I’ve already decided to sell.
The analysis, based on past events, certainly seems sound. But following your instincts is the only way you’re going to do something unsound.
Difference between TV and the internet was how far you sat from the screen. TV was an 8 foot activity, and you were a consumer. The internet was a 16 inch activity, and you participated. I think the sitting down thing is similar. You're not going to buy an armoir while standing on the subway.
A genius looks at something that others are stuck on and gets the world unstuck.So the question is: Have you ever done that?
Why is Nigerian spam so sloppy? If you’ve gotten an email from a prince offering to split millions of dollars with you, you may have noticed all the misspellings and other telltale clues that it can’t possibly be real.
It (Twitter) closes the six degrees of separation to one degree of separation
In other words, they believe it’s wiser to focus more on increasing sales to a smaller percentage of your existing customers than to find new ones.
Poor people sell time, rich people buy time.
You don't have to like change to take advantage of it.
Si nos sentimos a salvo entre los nuestros, en nuestras propias tribus u organizaciones, nos relajamos y estamos más abiertos a la confianza y a la cooperación. Un
Stop being so Black and White
true success—financial, personal, and professional—lies above all in loving your family, working hard, and living your passion. In telling your story. In authenticity, hustle, and patience. In caring fiercely about the big and the small stuff. In valuing legacy over currency.
a generous beacon, a signal flare sent up so that people who are looking for you can easily find you.
Walking in circles Dr. Jan Souman, of the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics, studied what happens to us when we have no map, no compass, no way to determine landmarks. I’m not talking about a metaphor—he researched what happens to people lost in the woods or stumbling around the Sahara, with no north star, no setting sun to guide them. It turns out we walk in circles. Try as we might to walk in a straight line, to get out of the forest or the desert, we end up back where we started. Our instincts aren’t enough. In the words of Dr. Souman, “Don’t trust your senses because even though you might think you are walking in a straight line when you’re not.” Human nature is to need a map. If you’re brave enough to draw one, people will follow.
Never reduce a target. Instead, increase actions. When you start rethinking your targets, making up excuses, and letting yourself off the hook, you are giving up on your dreams!
With limited time or opportunity to experiment, we intentionally narrow our choices to those at the top.
Captain Marquet came to understand that the role of the leader is not to bark commands and be completely accountable for the success or failure of the mission. It is a leader’s job instead to take responsibility for the success of each member of his crew. It is the leader’s job to ensure that they are well trained and feel confident to perform their duties. To give them responsibility and hold them accountable to advance the mission. If the captain provides direction and protection, the crew will do what needs to be done to advance the mission.
As Bob Chapman, CEO of Barry-Wehmiller, is fond of saying, “No one wakes up in the morning to go to work with the hope that someone will manage us. We wake up in the morning and go to work with the hope that someone will lead us.” The problem is, for us to be led, there must be leaders we want to follow.
Starting isn’t like that. Starting something is not an event; it’s a series of events. You decide to walk to Cleveland. So you take a first step in the right direction. That’s starting. You spend the rest of the day walking toward Cleveland, one step at a time, picking your feet up and putting them down. At the end of the day, twenty miles later, you stop at a hotel. And what happens the next morning? Either you quit the project or you start again, walking to Cleveland. In fact, every step is a new beginning. Sure, you’re closer than you were yesterday or last week, but you’re still...
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Success must be approached from an ethical viewpoint. Success is your duty, obligation, and responsibility!
Absent a Circle of Safety, paranoia, cynicism and self-interest prevail. The whole purpose of maintaining the Circle of Safety is so that we can invest all our time and energy to guard against the dangers outside. It’s the same reason we lock our doors at night. Not only does feeling safe inside give us peace of mind, but the positive impact on the organization itself is remarkable. When the Circle is strong and that feeling of belonging is ubiquitous, collaboration, trust and innovation result.
If you had a chance to do a TED talk, what would it be about? What have you discovered, what do you know, what can you teach? You should do one. Even if you don’t do one, you should be prepared to do one.
Help young people. Help small guys. Because small guys will be big. Young people will have the seeds you bury in their minds, and when they grow up, they will change the world.
The worst thing in the world that can happen to you if you're an engineer that has given his life to something is for someone to rip it off and put their name to it.
Apple doesn't do hobbies as a general rule.
Forty years ago, Richard Branson, who ultimately founded Virgin Air, found himself in a similar situation in an airport in the Caribbean. They had just canceled his flight, the only flight that day. Instead of freaking out about how essential the flight was, how badly his day was ruined, how his entire career was now in jeopardy, the young Branson walked across the airport to the charter desk and inquired about the cost of chartering a flight out of Puerto Rico. Then he borrowed a portable blackboard and wrote, “Seats to Virgin Islands, $39.” He went back to his gate, sold enough seats to his fellow passengers to completely cover his costs, and made it home on time. Not to mention planting the seeds for the airline he’d start decades later. Sounds like the kind of person you’d like to hire
The Two Reasons Seeing the Future Is So Difficult Attachment to an outcome combined with the resistance and fear of change.
Atención ¿Adónde van las miradas?
Energy motivates but charisma inspires. Energy is easy to see, easy to measure and easy to copy. Charisma is hard to define, near impossible to measure and too elusive to copy. All great leaders have charisma because all great leaders have clarity of WHY; an undying belief in a purpose or cause bigger than themselves.
Art changes posture and posture changes innocent bystanders.
Dictators understand the importance of symbols all too well. But in their case, the symbols are usually of them and not of a larger belief.
Innovation is the result of a corporate culture of collaboration and sharing. In
Cultures are groups of people who come together around a common set of values and beliefs. When we share values and beliefs with others, we form trust.
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it.
the best time to start was last year. The second best time to start is right now.
Muchos se preocupan, pero no lo suficiente por las cosas que de verdad deberían importar a pesar de que la lista es muy corta: propósito, autenticidad, pasión, paciencia, velocidad, trabajo y atención.
For Sam Walton, there was something else, a deeper purpose, cause or belief that drove him. More than anything else, Walton believed in people. He believed that if he looked after people, people would look after him. The more Wal-Mart could give to employees, customers and the community, the more that employees, customers and the community would give back to Wal-Mart. “We’re all working together; that’s the secret,” said Walton.
It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.
Creating value through interaction is far more important than solving a consumer’s problem in thirty seconds.
I was 12 years fittin' to be a billionaire; I was 15 years old as a millionaire. I've been rich since I was 14. My son has been a millionaire since he was 12, so that's just the life. We've been playing with money since young.
If anyone has ever sold you anything with a warning to fear the consequences if you don’t buy it, they are using a proverbial gun to your head to help you see the “value” of choosing them over their competitor. Or perhaps it’s just a banana. But it works.
As the teams start work on this exercise, they may get into a semantic debate about the meaning of certain words. If that happens, refer them back to the stories behind the words and the underlying feeling. It is not so much the dictionary definition of the words that matters. What’s more important is the deeper meaning these words have for the team.
La mayoría de los vendedores que conozco pasan demasiado tiempo vendiendo y olvidan que cualquier venta implica ochenta por ciento de conocimiento de personas y veinte por ciento de conocimiento de productos.
Change is powerful, but change always comes with the possibility of failure as its partner. “This might not work” isn’t merely something to be tolerated; it’s something you must seek out.
The secret of being wrong isn’t to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. The secret is realizing that wrong isn’t fatal. The only thing that makes people and organizations great is their willingness to be not great along the way. The desire to fail on the way to reaching a bigger goal is the untold secret of success.
We can schedule for it. Thursday, April 3rd, 3:05…start something. We can train for it, plan for it, announce it, and even hire for it. If initiating is as essential to the modern organization as it appears, we better be doing all of that and more.
Ser novato no tiene nada de malo, pero manipular a la gente sí es incorrecto.
Most companies have logos, but few have been able to convert those logos into meaningful symbols. Because most companies are bad at communicating what they believe, so it follows that most logos are devoid of any meaning. At best they serve as icons to identify a company and its products. A symbol cannot have any deep meaning until we know WHY it exists in terms bigger than simply to identify the company.
I think that any reporter or columnist will be a little more careful when doing interviews with me.
How do I create an environment in which my people can work to their natural best?
As it becomes easier to monitor informal consumer networks, the winners will be companies that figure out what’s working fastest – and do it more (and figure out what’s not working – and kill it). Zara, a fast-growing retailer in Europe, changes its clothing line every three or four weeks. By carefully watching what’s working and what’s not, they can evolve their lineup far faster than the competition can ever hope to.
GET BEYOND THE ONE-MAN SHOW Great organizations are never one-man operations. There are 22 million licensed small businesses in America that have no employees. Forbes suggests 75 percent of all businesses operate with one person. And the average income of those companies is a sad $44,000. That’s not a business—that’s torture. That is a prison where you are both the warden and the prisoner. What makes a person start a business and then be the only person who works there? Are they committed to staying small? Or maybe an entrepreneur decides that because the talent pool is so poor, they can’t hire anyone who can do it as well as them, and they give up. My guess is the latter: Most people have just given up and said, “It’s easier if I just do it myself.” I know, because that’s what I did—and it was suicidal. Because my business was totally dependent on me and only me, I was barely able to survive, much less grow, for the first ten years. Instead I contracted another company to promote my seminars. When I hired just one person to assist me out of my home office, I thought I was so smart: Keep it small. Keep expenses low. Run a tight ship. Bigger isn’t always better. These were the things I told myself to justify not growing my business. I did this for years and even bragged about how well I was doing on my own. Then I started a second company with a partner, a consulting business that ran parallel to my seminar business. This consulting business quickly grew bigger than my first business because my partner hired people to work for us. But even then I resisted bringing other people into the company because I had this idea that I didn’t want the headaches and costs that come with managing people. My margins were monster when I had no employees, but I could never grow my revenue line without killing myself, and I have since learned that is where all my attention and effort should have gone. But with the efforts of one person and one contracted marketing company, I could expand only so much. I know that a lot of speakers and business gurus run their companies as one-man shows. Which means that while they are giving advice to others about how to grow a business, they may have never grown one themselves! Their one-man show is simply a guy or gal going out, collecting a fee, selling time and a few books. And when they are out speaking, the business terminates all activity. I started studying other people and companies that had made it big and discovered they all had lots of employees. The reality is you cannot have a great business if it’s just you. You need to add other people. If you don’t believe me, try to name one truly great business that is successful, ongoing, viable, and growing that doesn’t have many people making it happen. Good luck. Businesses are made of people, not just machines, automations, and technology. You need people around you to implement programs, to add passion to the technology, to serve customers, and ultimately to get you where you want to go. Consider the behemoth online company Amazon: It has more than 220,000 employees. Apple has more than 100,000; Microsoft has around the same number. Ernst & Young has more than 200,000 people. Apple calls the employees working in its stores “Geniuses.” Don’t you want to hire employees deserving of that title too? Think of how powerful they could make your business.
The number of leaders of companies who work hard to make their employees feel safe when they come in is, sadly, fewer than most of us would like to admit. Work is, well, work.
true success—financial, personal, and professional—lies above all in loving your family, working hard, and living your passion. In telling your story.
Emotional labor is what you get paid to do, and one of the most difficult types of emotional labor is staring into the abyss of choice and picking a path. Your
2011 study conducted by a team of social scientists at the University of Canberra in Australia concluded that having a job we hate is as bad for our health and sometimes worse than not having a job at all.
el mundo en el que la confianza y la lealtad sean la norma, y no la excepción.
Apple has a culture of excellence that is, I think, so unique and so special. I'm not going to witness or permit the change of it.
Experiment until you find the thing that matches you as a race horse
The key to great marketing is remembering that even though you’re all about your brand, your customer is not.
Energy motivates but charisma inspires.
Art is what we call...the thing an artist does.It's not the medium or the oil or the price or whether it hangs on a wall or you eat it. What matters, what makes it art, is that the person who made it overcame the resistance, ignored the voice of doubt and made something worth making. Something risky. Something human.Art is not in the ...eye of the beholder. It's in the soul of the artist.
Honesty and integrity are by far the most important assets of an entrepreneur.
We have little choice but to move beyond quality and seek remarkable, connected, and new. Remarkable, as you've already figured out, demands initiative.
Great organizations don’t just drive profits, they lead people, and they change the course of industries and sometimes our lives in the process.
When you hire amazing people and give them freedom, they do amazing stuff. And
The cost of leadership,” explains Lieutenant General George Flynn of the United States Marine Corps, “is self-interest.
The WHY exists in the part of the brain that controls feelings and decision-making but not language. WHATs exist in the part of the brain that controls rational thought and language.
Industries don’t die by surprise. It’s not as if you didn’t know it was coming. It’s not as if you didn’t know whom to call (or hire). What was missing was leadership—an individual (a heretic) ready to describe the future and build the coalitions necessary to get there. This isn’t about having a great idea (it almost never is). The great ideas are out there, for free, on your neighborhood blog. Nope, this is about taking initiative and making things happen.
Business is about solving people's problems at a profit.
Apple’s “1,000 songs in your pocket.” The difference is Creative told us WHAT their product was and Apple told us WHY we needed it.
If your agenda is set by someone else and it doesn’t lead you where you want to go, why is it your agenda?
REDO THE MISSION STATEMENT AND THE BUSINESS PLAN EVERY THREE MONTHS
It is not the genius at the top giving directions that makes people great. It is great people that make the guy at the top look like a genius.
Success comes when we wake up every day in that never-ending pursuit of WHY we do WHAT we do. Our achievements, WHAT we do, serve as the milestones to indicate we are on the right path.
Anyone who minimizes the importance of success to your future has given up on his or her own chances of accomplishment and is spending his or her life trying to convince others to do the same.
But while it’s true that you can’t land a solid right hook if you don’t set up the punch with a series of good jabs, it’s also true that no fight has ever been won on jabs alone. Eventually, you have to take your shot.
To really go at it in life and in business, you have to say yes to everything. It's something you'll see successful people do time and again—not because they can but because they choose to say yes. They eagerly engage in life and realize that the word “yes” has more life and possibilities in it—and
All leaders must have two things: they must have a vision of the world that does not exist and they must have the ability to communicate it. The
Like the Spartans, we will have to learn that our strength will come not from the sharpness of our spears but from our willingness to offer others the protection of our shields.
When you are leading a tribe, a tribe that you belong to, the benefits increase, the work gets easier, and the results are more obvious. That’s the best reason to overcome the fear.
A little imagination combined with massive action goes a long way.
At that moment, a suite of marketing messages must begin to be applied. The goal is to teach, cajole, and encourage this stranger to become a friend. And once she becomes a friend, to apply enough focused marketing to create a customer.
Everything happens for a reason, doesn’t it? Even if you don’t consciously agree with that statement, your brain sure does.
Don’t compare yourself with anyone in this world… If you do so, you are insulting yourself.
Group projects are the exception in school, but they should be the norm.
I feel like the luckiest guy in the world. I had to learn the skills I needed and become competent enough to match my confidence, but the thing that surprises me the most is learning that it’s not about how much you know; it’s about how much you care. We can create anything we want to if we have the passion, the energy, the hustle, and commitment to our vision. If I had been a jerk all along the way and I didn’t care about people, there’s no chance I would have been able to do this.
Being an entrepreneur isn’t really about starting a business. It’s a way of looking at the world; seeing opportunity where others see obstacles, taking risks when others take refuge.
I couldn't understand why my productivity went down when I had deliberately made more time available to write. Then I realized it was because I wasn't flying as much.
Optimism is the most important human trait, because it allows us to evolve our ideas, to improve our situation, and to hope for a better tomorrow.
Si está en Twitter, lo más probable es que esté tratando de mantenerse al día con las noticias actuales;
The Dip creates scarcity; scarcity creates value.
What exactly are you going to be doing that’s going to be so time and labor intensive? You’ll be studying your topic, researching your platforms, drafting your blog posts, doing whatever it takes to become the foremost expert and personal brand in your field. But most of all, you will be creating a community.
What happens when the world cares more about unique voices and remarkable insights than it does about cheap labor
A company is a culture. A group of people brought together around a common set of values and beliefs. It’s not products or services that bind a company together. It’s not size and might that make a company strong, it’s the culture—the strong sense of beliefs and values that everyone, from the CEO to the receptionist, all share. So the logic follows, the goal is not to hire people who simply have a skill set you need, the goal is to hire people who believe what you believe.
in every organization everyone rises to the level at which they become paralyzed with fear.
The old rule was this: CREATE SAFE, ORDINARY PRODUCTS AND COMBINE THEM WITH GREAT MARKETING. The new rule is: CREATE REMARKABLE PRODUCTS THAT THE RIGHT PEOPLE SEEK OUT.
What is school for? If you're not asking that, you're wasting time and money.
I love how they first ignored me, but now they need me.
Ads and marketing are supposed to make consumers feel something and then act on that feeling. In that
Everyone has a problem, a desire, and a narrative. Who will you seek to serve?
Great leaders, in contrast, are able to inspire people to act. Those who are able to inspire give people a sense of purpose or belonging that has little to do with any external incentive or benefit to be gained. Those who truly lead are able to create a following of people who act not because they were swayed, but because they were inspired.
Twenty years ago, the top 100 companies in the Fortune 500 either dug something out of the ground or turned a natural resource (iron ore or oil) into something you could hold. Today, fewer than half of the companies on the list do that. The rest make unseemly profits by trafficking in ideas.
I can make a decision with 30 percent of the information,” said former secretary of state Colin Powell. “Anything more than 80 percent is too much.
Democratic socialism means that we must create an economy that works for all, not just the very wealthy.
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
A leader’s legacy is only as strong as the foundation they leave behind that allows others to continue to advance the organization in their name. Legacy is not the memory of better times when the old leader was there. That’s not legacy, that’s nostalgia. The founding fathers of the United States have a strong legacy because the United States was built to last long beyond their lifetimes.
As we explained earlier, HOWs must be actions because they are the things you do to bring your WHY to life. Traits and attributes, such as “honesty,” or adjectives, such as “determined,” are not actions. We turn themes into HOWs by making them actionable.
Fortunately we're not a public company - we're a private group of companies, and I can do what I want.
just about every company forgot the lesson of the Cow. Instead of taking the money and using it to create a series of innovations that could lead to the next Cow (at a higher, bigger level), these companies took profits.
Great societies understand the importance of symbols as a way of reinforcing their values, of capturing their beliefs. Dictators understand the importance of symbols all too well. But in their case, the symbols are usually of them and not of a larger belief. Symbols help us make tangible that which is intangible. And the only reason symbols have meaning is because we infuse them with meaning. That meaning lives in our minds, not in the item itself. Only when the purpose, cause or belief is clear can a symbol command great power. The flag, for example, is nothing more than a symbol of our nation’s values and beliefs. And we follow the flag into battle. That’s some serious power. Ever notice the patch of the American flag on a soldier’s right arm? It’s backward. There was no mistake made, it’s like that on purpose. A flag flying on a staff, as an army was rushing into battle, would appear backward if viewed from the right side. To put it the other way around on the right shoulder would appear as if the soldier were in retreat. Our flag is infused with so much meaning that some have tried to pass laws banning its desecration. It’s not the material out of which the flag is sewn that these patriots aim to protect. The laws they propose have nothing to do with the destruction of property. Their goal is to protect the meaning the symbol represents: the WHY. The laws they drafted tried to protect the intangible set of values and beliefs by protecting the symbol of those values and beliefs. Though the laws have been struck down by the Supreme Court, they have spurred contentious and emotionally charged debates. They pit our desire for freedom of expression with our desire to protect a symbol of that freedom.
Aquellos que verdaderamente lideran son capaces de crear un grupo de seguidores que no actúan porque estén dominados, sino porque se sienten motivados.
In the past, people used to tell me to shut up a bit. But what I believe is to put out your opinion and let everyone else react. If I'm wrong, I'm wrong.
Life's too short" is repeated often enough to be a cliche, but this time it's true. You don't have enough time to be both unhappy and mediocre. It's not just pointless, it's painful. Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you ought to set up a life you don't need to escape from.
I have been inspired by Martin Luther King and how he inspired a movement. I have learned that a cause must be organic; if it is to have an impact it must belong to those who join the movement and not those who lead it.
Bad days don't make it a bad job. Good days don’t make it a good job. Like a relationship, it’s the general feeling we get when we think about our work, and not the excitement or stress on any particular day, that defines our fulfillment
Want to watch a movie? Netflix is a better librarian, with a better library, than any library in the country. The Netflix librarian knows about every movie, knows what you’ve seen and what you’re likely to want to see. If the goal is to connect viewers with movies, Netflix wins.
That’s a remarkable concept: only when individuals can trust the culture or organization will they take personal risks in order to advance that culture or organization as a whole.
I do not work for the money. I work for the freedom.
Librarians who are arguing and lobbying for clever e-book lending solutions are completely missing the point. They are defending the library-as-warehouse concept, as opposed to fighting for the future, which is librarian as producer, concierge, connector, teacher, and impresario.
The balloons only have one life and the only way of finding out whether they work is to attempt to fly around the world.
There’s barely a product or service on the market today that customers can’t buy from someone else for about the same price, about the same quality, about the same level of service and about the same features. If you truly have a first-mover’s advantage, it’s probably lost in a matter of months. If you offer something truly novel, someone else will soon come up with something similar and maybe even better. But if you ask most businesses why their customers are their customers, most will tell you it’s because of superior quality, features, price or service. In other words, most companies have no clue why their customers are their customers.
Organizations will also find themselves at a crossroads when their leaders start to believe their own myths—that the success the company enjoyed under their leadership was a result of their genius rather than the genius of their people, who were inspired by the Cause they were leading. These leaders too often fixate on advancing their own fame, fortunes, glory and legacies at the expense of the company and its Cause. Management becomes disconnected from the people and trust breaks down. And when performance necessarily starts to suffer as a result, these same leaders are quicker to blame others than to look at what set the company on the new path in the first place. In order to “fix” the problem, their faith in the people is replaced with faith in the process. The company becomes more rigid and decision-making powers are often taken away from the front lines. It can’t be a good thing when the captain of the ship, who is supposed to be on deck navigating toward the horizon, is now in the ship tinkering with the engine trying to make it go faster.
When the person who personifies the WHY departs without clearly articulating WHY the company was founded in the first place, they leave no clear cause for their successor to lead.
De hecho, nuestra capacidad para trabajar juntos, ayudarnos y protegernos mutuamente, funcionó tan bien que nuestras poblaciones hicieron algo más que sobrevivir: crecieron. Los elefantes también sobrevivieron, pero hoy día la vida de un elefante viene a ser en gran medida la misma que tenía hace millones de años. Pero nuestro caso es distinto. Nuestras vidas son totalmente diferentes a como lo eran hace cincuenta millones de años. Aunque nuestra especie fue diseñada para adaptarse a su entorno, se nos daba tan bien trabajar juntos y resolver problemas que encontramos maneras de moldear nuestro entorno de forma que se adaptase a nosotros. Cuanto mejor lo hacíamos, más mejoraba nuestra capacidad de alterar nuestras condiciones para satisfacer nuestras necesidades, en lugar de cambiar para adaptarnos a ellas. El problema es que nuestro código genético básico sigue siendo el mismo. Somos una raza anticuada que vive en un mundo moderno y lleno de recursos. Esto tiene ventajas evidentes, pero, como pasa con todo, también tiene un coste.
I try to make myself happy, no, because I know that if I'm not happy, my colleagues are not happy and my shareholders are not happy and my customers are not happy.
Every single employee is someone’s son or someone’s daughter. Like a parent, a leader of a company is responsible for their precious lives.
Once you’ve engaged with an organization or a relationship or a community, you owe it to your team to start. To initiate. To be the one who makes something happen. To do less is to steal from them. If you hide your spark, bury your ideas, keep your questions and notions from the team, you have hurt them as badly as if you had stolen a laptop and fenced it on eBay.
Inside a Circle of Safety, when people trust and share their successes and failures, what they know and what they don’t know, the result is innovation. It’s just natural.
We need to unleash the entrepreneurial spirit that is alive in Colorado.
Remaining completely in balance and authentic is the most difficult part. The few that are able to build a megaphone, and not just a company, around their cause are the ones who earn the ability to inspire.
Every day, the competition is doing something new, something better.
The Dip is the reason you’re here. It’s not enough to survive your way through this Dip. You get what you deserve when you embrace the Dip and treat it like the opportunity that it really is.
Generation Y is said to have a sense of entitlement. Many employers complain of the demands their entry-level employees often make. But I, as one observer, do not believe it is a sense of entitlement. This generation wants to work hard and is willing to work hard. What we perceive as entitlement is, in fact, impatience. An impatience driven by two things: First is a gross misunderstanding that things like success, money or happiness, come instantly. Even though our messages and books arrive the same day we want them, our careers and fulfillment do not. The second element is more unsettling. It is a result of a horrible short circuit to their internal reward systems. These Gen Yers have grown up in a world in which huge scale is normal, money is valued over service and technology is used to manage relationships. The economic systems in which they have grown up, ones that prioritize numbers over people, are blindly accepted, as if that’s the way it has always been.
The time to look for a new job is when you don’t need one. The time to switch jobs is before it feels comfortable. Go. Switch. Challenge yourself; get yourself a raise and a promotion. You owe it to your career and your skills. If
Once you know your WHY, you have a choice to live it every day. Living it means consistently taking actions that are in alignment with the things you say. If you say one thing and do another too frequently, you will lose the trust of others. Our actions either add to or take away from the trust and loyalty others feel toward us. When the things we say and the things we do are aligned with what we believe, we are fully living our WHY. Will you choose to take a stand?
A lot of people say I was brilliant. I wasn't. I was an opportunist: a young entrepreneur who saw things and took advantage.
Time to get off the social media merry-go-round that goes faster and faster but never gets anywhere.
The strength of the culture, and not its size or resources, determines an organization’s ability to adapt to the times, overcome adversity and pioneer new innovations.
You Are Not Your Career.Your ability to follow instructions is not the secret to your success.You are hiding your best work, your best insight, and your best self from us every day.We know how much you care, and it’s a shame that the system works overtime to push you away from the people and the projects you care about.The world does not owe you a living, but just when you needed it, it has opened the door for you to make a difference.It’s too bad that so much time has been wasted, but it would be unforgivable to wait any longer. You have the ability to contribute so much. We need you, now.
If you look at the fact that the best chance we have for a good economy is the private sector. The government cannot create jobs. If the government could create jobs, then Communism would have worked. But didn't work. So what we have to do is allow the private sector and the entrepreneurial spirit to lead us back to a job-filled recovery.
effective marketing now relies on empathy and service.
To be willing to do new things you don’t think you’ll like requires you to prefer the unknown. Not just to tolerate it, but to prefer it.
I am the same monster you want me to be.
El compromiso es un asunto personal, es un requisito indispensable para obtener resultados en la vida y marcar una diferencia con el resto de las personas.
Here's the thing: The book that will most change your life is the book you write
A person who limits his or her potential success will limit what he or she will do to create it and keep it. It
Great companies don’t hire skilled people and motivate them, they hire already motivated people and inspire them. People are either motivated or they are not. Unless you give motivated people something to believe in, something bigger than their job to work toward, they will motivate themselves to find a new job and you’ll be stuck with whoever’s
When given the choice, people will always spend their time around people they like.
Whatever the status quo is, changing it gives you the opportunity to be remarkable.
en tus contenidos puedes incluir todo, incluso el proceso de aprendizaje”.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system that is corrupt, that we must create an economy that works for all, not just the very wealthy.
Britain kept its position as the dominant world power well into the 20th century despite steady decline. By the end of World War II, dominance had shifted decisively into the hands of the upstart across the sea, the United States, by far the most powerful and wealthy society in world history.
There is joy in work. There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.
So the challenge, as you contemplate your next opportunity to be boring or remarkable, is to answer these two questions: (1) "If I get criticized for this, will I suffer any measurable impact? Will I lose my job, get hit upside the head with a softball bat, or lose important friendships?" If the only side effect of the criticism is that you will feel bad about the criticism, then you have to compare that bad feeling with the benefits you'll get from actually doing something worth doing. Being remarkable is exciting, fun, profitable, and great for your career. Feeling bad wears off.And then, once you've compared the bad feeling and the benefits, and you've sold yourself on taking the remarkable path, answer this one: (2) How can I create something that critics will criticize?
A strong culture and the ability to fund its own existence (also known as profitability) is how a company actually stays in the game for the long term.
It’s worth repeating: people don’t buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it.
Passion can overcome fear - the fear of losing, of failing, of being traditional.
Good listeners have a huge advantage. For one, when they engage in conversation, they make people 'feel' heard. They 'feel' that someone really understands their wants, needs and desires. And for good reason; a good listener does care to understand.
create your blog post and distribute it through TubeMogul (video) or Ping.fm (links) so that your content appears on every social networking platform available. Next,
Social capital is a following of people who like you, trust you, support you, and are willing and capable of buying from you.
The only way to get what you’re worth is to stand out, to exert emotional labor, to be seen as indispensable, and to produce interactions that organizations and people care deeply about.
I don't think it's a good idea to plan to sell a company.
Because nobody else does it! But you can and you should. People love when you take an extra second out of your day to acknowledge them. It’s the equivalent of a nicely written thank-you note, except it takes less time to do and it doesn’t take two days to get to its destination.
Make a statement, stake out a position, establish a voice—this is how you successfully jab your Twitter followers.
When we feel like we belong we feel connected and we feel safe. As humans we crave the feeling and we seek it out.
I suggest that you become obsessed about the things you want; otherwise, you are going to spend a lifetime being obsessed with making up excuses as to why you didn't get the life you wanted.
Sometimes, "never let them see you sweat," is truly bad advice. The work of an individual who cares often exposes the grit and determination and effort that it takes to be present. Perfecting your talk, refining your essay and polishing your service until all elements of you disappear might be obvious tactics, but they remove the thing we were looking for: you.
Weak leaders are the ones who only extend the benefits of the Circle of Safety to their fellow senior executives and a chosen few others. They look out for each other, but they do not offer the same considerations to those outside their “inner circle.” Without the protection of our leaders, everyone outside the inner circle is forced to work alone or in small tribes to protect and advance their own interests. And in so doing, silos form, politics entrench, mistakes are covered up instead of exposed, the spread of information slows and unease soon replaces any sense of cooperation and security.
Before and after emancipation, the Negro, in self-defense, was propelled toward the white employer. The endowments of wealthy white men have developed great institutions of learning for the Negro, but the freedom of action on the part of these same universities has been curtailed in proportion as they are indebted to white philanthropies.
Here’s a quote from ultramarathoner Dick Collins: Decide before the race the conditions that will cause you to stop and drop out. You don’t want to be out there saying, “Well gee, my leg hurts, I’m a little dehydrated, I’m sleepy, I’m tired, and it’s cold and windy.” And talk yourself into quitting. If you are making a decision based on how you feel at that moment, you will probably make the wrong decision.
the course of time, all of Apple’s competitors lost their WHY. Now all those companies define themselves by WHAT they do: we make computers. They turned from companies with a cause into companies that sold products. And when that happens, price, quality, service and features become the primary currency to motivate a purchase decision. At that point a company and its products have ostensibly become commodities. As any company forced to compete on price, quality, service or features alone can attest, it is very hard to differentiate for any period of time or build loyalty on those factors alone.
When leaders are willing to prioritize trust over performance, performance almost always follows.
It took us three years to build the NeXT computer. If we'd given customers what they said they wanted, we'd have built a computer they'd have been happy with a year after we spoke to them - not something they'd want now.
If good people are asked to work in a bad culture, one in which leaders do not relinquish control, then the odds of something bad happening go up. People will be more concerned about following the rules out of fear of getting in trouble or losing their jobs than doing what needs to be done. And when that happens, souls will be lost.
Pick me, pick me” acknowledges the power of the system and passes responsibility to someone else to initiate. Even better, “pick me, pick me” moves the blame from you to them. If you don’t get picked, it’s their fault, not yours. If you do get picked, well, they said you were good, right? Not your fault anymore. Reject the tyranny of picked. Pick yourself.
Make it simple. Make it memorable. Make it inviting to look at. Make it fun to read.
If you’re doing a written blog, sign up for Ping.fm. 8.
The epic battle of our generation is between the status quo of mass and the never-ceasing tide of weird.
maximum results in minimum time.
There no longer has to be a difference between who you are and what you do.
If people made only rational decisions, and did all the research before making a purchase, no one would ever buy a Mac. But of course people do buy Macs. And some don’t just buy them—they love them, a feeling that comes straight from the heart. Or the limbic brain.
The reason it's difficult to learn something new is that it will change you into someone who disagrees with the person you used to be.
Solo hay dos maneras de influir en la conducta humana: o la puedes manipular o la puedes motivar.
And unless you’re an astronaut, it’s not the work we do that inspires us either. It’s the cause we come to work for. We don’t want to come to work to build a wall, we want to come to work to build a cathedral.
I try to find, celebrate and teach leaders how to build platforms that will inspire others.
Celebra tus éxitos —decía Walton—. Encuentra algo de humor en tus fracasos. No te tomes a ti mismo demasiado en serio. Relájate, y todos los que te rodean se relajarán.»76 En lugar de admitir que las cosas ya no son como acostumbraban ser, Wal-Mart ha hecho lo contrario.
Las suposiciones, ya ves, incluso cuando se basan en investigaciones fundadas, pueden hacernos descarriar.
Emotional labor is the task of doing important work, even when it isn’t easy. Emotional
What a company says and does are the means by which the company speaks.
Southwest’s remarkable ability to solve problems, Apple’s remarkable knack for innovation and the Wright brothers’ ability to develop a technology with the team they had were all possible for the same reason: they believed they could and they trusted their people to do it.
No matter where we go, we trust those with whom we are able to perceive common values or beliefs.
You weren't born to be a cog in the giant industrial machine. You were trained to become a cog. There's an alternative available to you.
Consistency becomes more important than intensity.
The farther right you go on the curve, the more you will encounter the clients and customers who may need what you have, but don't necessarily believe what you believe. As clients, they are the ones for whom, no matter how hard you work, it's never enough. Everything usually boils down to price with them. They are rarely loyal. They rarely give referrals and sometimes you may even wonder out loud why you still do business with them. "They just don't get it," our gut tells us. The importance of identifying this group is so that you can avoid doing business with them.
Stress and anxiety at work have less to do with the work we do and more to do with weak management and leadership.
Marine leaders are expected to eat last because the true price of leadership is the willingness to place the needs of others above your own. Great leaders truly care about those they are privileged to lead and understand that the true cost of the leadership privilege comes at the expense of self-interest.
When the WHY Goes, WHAT Is All You’ll Have Left
If each of us hires people who are smaller than we are, we shall become a company of dwarfs. But if each of us hires people who are bigger than we are, we shall become a company of giants.
Take away a young person’s tech and you’ve taken away her lifeline to everything that matters to her.
There is a difference between a group of people who work together and a group of people who trust each other.
Excuses don't build empires.
When we feel like we belong we feel connected and we feel safe.
As the Zen Buddhist saying goes, how you do anything is how you do everything.
The goal is not simply for you to cross the finish line, but to see how many people you can inspire to run with you.
Jabs are the lightweight pieces of content that benefit your customers by making them laugh, snicker, ponder, play a game, feel appreciated, or escape; right hooks are calls to action that benefit your businesses.
Permission Marketing is the tool that unlocks the power of the Internet.
Great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by a team of people.
Perhaps your challenge isn't finding a better project or a better boss. Perhaps you need to get in touch with what it means to feel passionate. People with passion look for ways to make things happen.
The ironic thing is that marketers have responded to this problem with the single worst cure possible. To deal with the clutter and the diminished effectiveness of Interruption Marketing, they're interrupting us even more!
For the frequent user, the impact of a cooler, better, easier-to-use input device is profound – so profound that many users are happy to proselytize to their peers. More sneezing of a Purple Cow.
I got a lot of money, but when you wealthy, that mean that your children is ballin', your grandchildren is ballin'.
The number-one job of the hedge-fund manager is not to make sure that you can retire with a smile on your face - it's for him to retire with a smile on his face.
Innovation is not born from the dream, innovation is born from the struggle.
Su objetivo no es proporcionar una línea de actuación, sino ofrecer la causa para actuar. En cuanto
Good creatives love their art, but great creatives who work in business love to use their art to sell.
Trust begins to emerge when we have a sense that another person or organization is driven by things other than their own self-gain. With
Do the elected officials in Washington stand with ordinary Americans - working families, children, the elderly, the poor - or will the extraordinary power of billionaire campaign contributors and Big Money prevail? The American people, by the millions, must send Congress the answer to that question.
The competitive advantages the marketplace demands is someone more human, connected, and mature. Someone with passion and energy, capable of seeing things as they are and negotiating multiple priorities as she makes useful decisions without angst. Flexible in the face of change, resilient in the face of confusion. All of these attributes are choices, not talents, and all of them are available to you.
It took thirty-eight years before 50 million people gained access to radios. It took television thirteen years to earn an audience that size. It took Instagram a year and a half.
En la década de 1970, los viajes aéreos eran caros, y si Southwest iba a ser la defensora del ciudadano de a pie, tenía que ser barata. Era una exigencia. Y en una época en que viajar en avión era cosa de la élite —por entonces la gente llevaba corbata en los aviones—, como defensora del hombre corriente que era, Southwest tenía que ser divertida. Era una exigencia. En una época en que viajar en avión era complicado, con precios diferentes dependiendo de cuándo se hiciera la reserva, Southwest tenía que ser sencilla. Si iba a ser accesible al restante 85 por ciento, entonces la sencillez era una exigencia. A la sazón, Southwest tenía dos categorías de precios: nocturnos / fines de semana y diurnos. Ahí se acababa la cosa.
Customers will never love a company until the employees love it first.
It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Instead of trying to use your technology and expertise to make a better product for your users’ standard behavior, experiment with inviting the users to change their behavior to make the product work dramatically better.
Bullet points are not the point.
Michael Jordan wasn’t the first basketball hero by any means, but our desire to have a hero, as sparked by earlier stars like Wilt Chamberlain and Larry Bird, made it easier for Michael to walk in and fill a role that had to be filled by someone.
This business has to be your entire life, or it will die. I
For those who hold a leadership position, creating an environment in which the people in your charge feel like they are a part of something bigger than themselves is your responsibility as a leader.
Fear of living without a map is the main reason people are so insistent that we tell them what to do. The reasons are pretty obvious: If it’s someone else’s map, it’s not your fault if it doesn’t work out. If you’ve memorized the sales script I gave you and you don’t make the sale, who’s in trouble now? Not only does the map insulate us from responsibility, but it’s also a social talisman. We can tell our friends and family that we’ve found a good map, a safe map, a map worthy of respect.
It’s really easy to insist that people read the manual. It’s really easy to blame the user/student/prospect/customer for not trying hard, for being too stupid to get it, or for not caring enough to pay attention.
Every entrepreneur talks about the passion you have for your work, and I think that's what's missing with a lot of women in business.
Knowing WHY is essential for lasting success and the ability to avoid being lumped in with others.
The best revenge is massive success.” She advised me to move forward with such great momentum and so much of a presence that every time these people woke up, turned the TV on, or made a business move, they would see my face—and be reminded of how well I was doing.
When the people have to manage dangers from inside the organization, the organization itself becomes less able to face the dangers from outside. Truly
we give up our freedoms and responsibilities in exchange for the certainty that comes from being told what to do
When in doubt, assume that people will act according to their current irrational urges, ignoring information that runs counter to their beliefs, trading long-term for short-term benefits and most of all, being influenced by the culture they identify with.
Sinegal trusts his gut more than he trusts Wall Street analysts. “Wall Street is in the business of making money between now and next Tuesday,” he said in the 20/20 interview. “We’re in the business of building an organization, an institution that we hope will be here fifty years from now. And paying good wages and keeping people working with you is very good business.
I don’t remember writing most of these posts.
If we want to feel an undying passion for our work, if we want to feel we are contributing to something bigger than ourselves, we all need to know our WHY.
Everybody could be an entrepreneur, but very few will become very rich entrepreneurs.
The power of this new era is simple: if you want to (need to, must!) lead, then you can. It’s easier than ever and we need you. But if this isn’t the right moment, if this isn’t the right cause, then hold off. Generous and authentic leadership will always defeat the selfish efforts of someone doing it just because she can.
Your tactics can make a difference, but your strategy—your commitment to a way of being and a story to be told and a promise to be made—can change everything.
to succeed in the Infinite Game of business, we have to stop thinking about who wins or who’s the best and start thinking about how to build organizations that are strong enough and healthy enough to stay in the game for many generations to come.
It's a common misconception that money is every entrepreneur's metric for success. It's not, and nor should it be.
Le persone non acquistano ciò che fai, acquistano il perché lo fai.
You’re Astonishing How dare you waste it.
Stories (not ideas, not features, not benefits) are what spread from person to person.
The better you learn the psychology and habits of your social media consumers, the better you can tell the right story at the right time.
Leadership requires people to stick with you through thick and thin. Leadership is the ability to rally people not for a single event, but for years. In business, leadership means that customers will continue to support your company even when you slip up.
Only when the WHY is clear and when people believe what you believe can a true loyal relationship develop.
The rank of office is not what makes someone a leader. Leadership is the choice to serve others with or without any formal rank. There are people with authority who are not leaders and there are people at the bottom rungs of an organization who most certainly are leaders.
Here's the truth you have to wrestle with: the reason that art (writing, engaging, leading, all of it) is valuable is precisely why I can't tell you how to do it. If there were a map, there'd be no art, because art is the act of navigating without a map. Don't you hate that? I love that there's no map.
Leadership is the ability to rally people not for a single event, but for years.
The future of your organization depends on motivated human beings selflessly contributing unasked-for gifts of emotional labor.
Loyalty is not won by being first. It is won by being best.
Once you’ve engaged with an organization or a relationship or a community, you owe it to your team to start. To initiate. To be the one who makes something happen. To do less is to steal from them.
Empowering the individual spirit is WHY Apple exists.
Leadership is always about people.
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small.
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.
When your organization becomes more human, more remarkable, faster on its feet, and more likely to connect directly with customers, it becomes indispensable. The very thing that made your employee a linchpin makes YOU a linchpin.
Pretty much, Apple and Dell are the only ones in this industry making money. They make it by being Wal-Mart. We make it by innovation.
Commit First—Figure Out Later At
If you're brilliant and undiscovered and underappreciated (in whatever field you choose), then you're being too generous about your definition of brilliant.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Success is a lonely road.
As an entrepreneur, as an investor, I'm trying to be as educated as I can to where the progression of technological capability is going and what it does to these different categories that, me as an artist and an influencer, I can get involved and bring value.
Legacy always wins. My
So the logic follows, the goal is not to hire people who simply have a skill set you need, the goal is to hire people who believe what you believe.
Know yourself. Choose the right medium, choose the right topic, create awesome content, and you can make a lot of money being happy. the
The secret to being wrong isn't to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. The secret is realizing that wrong isn't fatal.
Money is just a consequence. I always say to my team, ‘Don’t worry too much about profitability. If you do your job well, the profitability will come.
This relationship starts to clarify the difference between a vision statement and a mission statement in an organization. The vision is the public statement of the founder’s intent, WHY the company exists. It is literally the vision of a future that does not yet exist. The mission statement is a description of the route, the guiding principles—HOW the company intends to create that future.
Vision is perhaps our greatest strength… it has kept us alive to the power and continuity of thought through the centuries, it makes us peer into the future and lends shape to the unknown.
Because if you're prepared and you know what it takes, it's not a risk. You just have to figure out how to get there. There is always a way to get there.
The things that you worry about, never happens
That voice is the resistance your lizard brain and it wants you to be average (and safe)
I put zero weight into anyone’s opinion about me because I know exactly who I am. Can you say the same? When
Becoming a linchpin is not an act of selfishness. I see it as an act of generosity,
When the people have to manage dangers from inside the organization, the organization itself becomes less able to face the dangers from outside.
Storytelling is the way knowledge and understanding have been passed down for millennia, since long before the invention of written language. Storytelling is part of what it is to be human. And the best stories share our values and beliefs. Those stories are powerful. Those stories inspire. Those stories are both the source of our WHY and the fuel that keeps our WHY alive. That’s the reason companies that understand the importance of living their WHY make it easy for their teams to fortify themselves with stories.
From an app point of view, if you looked at innovation on the PC, you'd be hard pressed to find companies innovating. The list is small.
«Si tus actos inspiran a otros a soñar más, aprender más, hacer más y ser más, eres un líder».
Cooperation doesn’t mean agreement, it means working together to advance the greater good, to serve those who rely on our protection, not to rack up wins to serve the party or ourselves.
No commitment equals no results.
most valuable chips you have are your mind-set, actions, persistence, and creativity.
That’s it—three steps: motivate, connect, and leverage.
Earning trust outperforms earning envy.
We can’t change the culture, but each of us has the opportunity to change a culture—our little pocket of the world.
A life without attachment and stress can give you the freedom to see things as they are and call them as you see them. If you had this skill, what an asset you would be to any organization.
Agree to disagree.
Trust begins to emerge when we have a sense that another person or organization is driven by things other than their own self-gain.
Ahora bien, esta táctica solamente resuelve el problema de cómo construir tu credibilidad cuando no la tienes, pero no te servirá de nada si tus contenidos son una porquería
The secret of being wrong isn't to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. The secret is realizing that wrong isn't fatal. The only thing that makes people and organizations great is their willingness to be not great along the way. The desire to fail on the way to reaching a bigger goal is the untold secret of success.
Ben & Jerry’s avoided temptation for years. If they didn’t have a super-cool flavor or a great promotional idea, they did nothing. Yes to free ice cream once a year at every scoop shop, but no to 5 percent off any pint this week at your local store.
insulation prevents you from making the change and finding the understanding you set out to achieve in the first place.
If we work so hard and put all the money in the hospital to buy medicine - it will be a disaster. Why we should work? So without a healthy environment of this Earth, no matter how much money you make, no matter how wonderful you are, you have a bad disaster.
But what if I fail?" You will. The answer to the what if question is, you will. A better question might be, "after I fail, what then?" Well, if you've chosen well, after you fail you will be one step closer to succeeding, you will be wiser and stronger and you almost certainly will be more respected by all of those that are afraid to try.
There’s a growing body of evidence that the companies that are most successful at maximizing shareholder value over time are those that aim toward goals other than maximizing shareholder value,” Justin Fox and Jay Lorsch wrote in the July–August 2012 issue of the Harvard Business Review. “Employees and customers often know more about and have more of a long-term commitment to a company than shareholders do.
It’s human nature to quit when it hurts. But it’s that reflex that creates scarcity.
Transferring your passion to your job is far easier than finding a job that happens to match your passion.
When billionaire car dealers or manufacturers pay for ambassadorships, at least they pay with money earned by selling something of value.
If you think you are too busy to give time and energy to your people, then they are too busy to give time and energy to you. It is a balanced equation.
Being the leader means you hold the highest rank, either by earning it, good fortune or navigating internal politics. Leading, however, means that others willingly follow you—not because they have to, not because they are paid to, but because they want to.
We are drawn to leaders and organizations that are good at communicating what they believe. Their ability to make us feel like we belong, to make us feel special, safe and not alone is part of what gives them the ability to inspire us. Those whom we consider great leaders all have an ability to draw us close and to command our loyalty. And we feel a strong bond with those who are also drawn to the same leaders and organizations.
(Think about how people’s lives were different after they interacted with your organization when at your best.)
It’s called Zipf’s law, and it applies to résumés and college application rates and best-selling records and everything in between. Winners win big because the marketplace loves a winner.
Organizing around the average, then, is too expensive. Organizing around average means that the organization has exchanged the high productivity of exceptional performance for the ease and security of an endless parade of average performers.
Charisma has nothing to do with energy; it comes from a clarity of WHY. It comes from absolute conviction in an ideal bigger than oneself. Energy, in contrast, comes from a good night’s sleep or lots of caffeine. Energy can excite. But only charisma can inspire. Charisma commands loyalty. Energy does not.
Assume You Know
We seek out experiences and products that deliver more value, more connection, and more experience, and change us for the better.
marketers have turned advertising into an interactive process. Using relationships and frequency and permission,
At a young age I always had an entrepreneurial spirit. So I'm trying to develop things on my own, too, and there are a couple things that have absolutely nothing to do with the entertainment business that I'm trying to tackle. We'll just sort of see.
The burden of the entire economy of our culture today rests on the ability of salespeople.
Innovators are the ones whose dreams are clearer than the reality that tells them they're crazy.
No one has a transparent view of the world. In fact, we all carry around a personal worldview—the biases and experiences and expectations that color the way we perceive the world.
For me, businesses are like buses. You stand on a corner and you don’t like where the first bus is going? Wait ten minutes and take another. Don’t like that one? They’ll just keep coming. There’s no end to buses or businesses.
Don't say I can't afford it, ask yourself: "How can I afford it?
The more we give of ourselves to see others succeed, the greater our value to the group and the more respect they offer us. The more respect and recognition we receive, the higher our status in the group and the more incentive we have to continue to give to the group. At least that’s how it’s supposed to work. Whether we are a boss, coach or parent, serotonin is working to encourage us to serve those for whom we are directly responsible. And if we are the employee, player or the one being looked after, the serotonin encourages us to work hard to make them proud.
As an entrepreneur, I have been known for taking risks throughout my career, but leaving the European Union is not one of the risks I would want the U.K. to take - not as an investor, not as a father, and not as a grandfather. I am deeply concerned about the impact of leaving.
The only purpose of starting is to finish, and while the projects we do are never really finished, they must ship.
What if the world encouraged obsession instead of judging it? What if the only thing standing in the way of your greatness was that you just had to go after everything obsessively, persistently, and as though your life depended on it? Well—it does! Would
Live your life as if all your dreams have come true, and then challenge your relaity to catch up.
Commit First, Figure it Out Later
The reason you might choose to embrace the artist within you now is that this is the path to (cue the ironic music) security.
To Kim, raising children has many lessons for running a company. Both require a balancing of short-term needs and long-term goals. “First and foremost, your commitment to them is for life,” Kim says. “Ultimately, you want them to become better people.” Kim thinks of his employees exactly the same way. He knows most people would never get rid of their children during hard times, so “how can we lay off our people under the same conditions?” he asks. “Despite how much we may fight with our siblings, we can’t get rid of family. We have to make it work.
The market ... demands a signal from you that you're serious, powerful, accepted, and safe.
The desire to fail on the way to reaching a bigger goal is the untold secret of success.
The user who became your fan in 2010 will not be the same fan in 2014.
Social marketing is now a 24-7 job.
Initiative and starting are about neither of these. They are about “let’s see” and “try.” If there’s no clear right answer, perhaps the thing you ought to do is something new. Something new is often the right path when the world is complicated.
The future belongs to chefs, not to cooks or bottle washers. It’s easy to buy a cookbook (filled with instructions to follow) but really hard to find a chef book.
It’s foolish to expect that one exposure to your message will instantly convert someone from stranger to raving ideavirus-spreading fan. So plan on a process. Plan on a method that takes people from where they are to where you want them to go.
I think that’s the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself.
Permission Marketing Is Anticipated, Personal, Relevant
People don’t want what you make They want what it will do for them.
With every e-mail and video and blog post and tweet and status update, we add to the real-time documentary of our lives.
Quit or be exceptional. Average is for losers.
3. ALWAYS LEAVE BOTH SIDES AN OUT. Nothing lasts forever, especially business partner- ships. A dear friend of mine spent two years wrestling with a former partner when he left in a huff. In the end, everyone loses. Make sure you have a well-defined clause that lets either party leave without wrecking the business.
Great leaders and great organizations are good at seeing what most of us can’t see. They are good at giving us things we would never think of asking for.
When we feel like we belong to the group and trust the people with whom we work, we naturally cooperate to face outside challenges and threats. When we do not have a sense of belonging, however, then we are forced to invest time and energy to protect ourselves from each other.
Great design = getting people to do what you want.
you also need to quit all the Cul-de-Sacs that you’re currently idling your way through. You must quit the projects and investments and endeavors that don’t offer you the same opportunity. It’s difficult, but it’s vitally important.
We've only been wealthy in this country for 70 years. Who said we ought to have all this? Is it ordained?
As a kid, I grew up middle class, but my father was a great innovator with an entrepreneurial spirit, and it wasn't long before my family became part of the infamous 1%.
Tiffany’s blue box is a slogan without words. It stands for elegance and packaging and quality and “price is no object.
There are two ways to build a career or a business. We can go through life hunting and pecking, looking for opportunities or customers, hoping that something connects. Or we can go through life with intention, knowing what our piece looks like, knowing our WHY, and going straight to the places we fit.
The alternative to tourism The linchpin, the engaged one, the graceful actor in an unfolding play—these people don’t seek to only inspect. They’re not traveling in order to tick a checkbox. Instead, they open themselves to the world they bought a ticket to, knowing full well that they will be changed.
When you set down the path to create art, whatever sort of art it is, understand that the path is neither short not easy. That means you must determine if the route is worth the effort. If it's not, dream bigger.
We are drawn to leaders and organizations that are good at communicating what they believe. Their ability to make us feel like we belong, to make us feel special, safe and not alone is part of what gives them the ability to inspire us. Those whom we consider great leaders all have an ability to draw us close and to command our loyalty.
When people start limiting the amount of success they desire, I assure you they will limit what will be required of them in order to achieve success and will fail miserably at doing what it takes to keep it. This is the focus of the 10X Rule: You must set targets that are 10 times what you think you want and then do 10 times what you think it will take to accomplish those targets. Massive thoughts must be followed by massive actions.
When you’re hustling, hustle with all you’ve got. When you’re sick, stop. Let it happen. Your body is trying to tell you something. Listen to it.
Forty years ago, Richard Branson, who ultimately founded Virgin Air, found himself in a similar situation in an airport in the Caribbean. They had just canceled his flight, the only flight that day. Instead of freaking out about how essential the flight was, how badly his day was ruined, how his entire career was now in jeopardy, the young Branson walked across the airport to the charter desk and inquired about the cost of chartering a flight out of Puerto Rico. Then he borrowed a portable blackboard and wrote, “Seats to Virgin Islands, $39.” He went back to his gate, sold enough seats to his fellow passengers to completely cover his costs, and made it home on time.
There is a seductive simplicity in Donald Trump's vision to build walls and ban refugees to protect American interests. But we must always remember that we create far greater opportunity for all Americans when we enable the creativity and entrepreneurial spirit of people globally to take root here.
If you want to fly with the eagles, you have to stop swimming with the ducks.
Necesitas estar constantemente en el modo “activo”. Ya te veo allá en casa pensando demasiado tus contenidos y agonizando al tomar decisiones porque te toma siglos decidirte.
Be remarkable Be generous Create art Make judgment calls Connect people and ideas . . . and we have no choice but to reward you.
You can learn to see how human beings dream, decide, and act. And if you help them become better versions of themselves, the ones they seek to be, you’re a marketer.
So that’s where we stand. The Me Generation, addicted to performance, dismantled the controls that protect us from corporate abuses and stock market crashes. A Distracted Generation, living in a world of abstraction, thinks it has ADHD but more likely has a dopamine-fueled addiction to social media and cell phones. It would seem we have reached the abyss.
Don’t ever let your circumstances determine your outcome. You are bigger and better than that. You can always control your own destiny. Use what you’ve got, find what you don’t, and make your dreams come true.
El precio siempre tiene un coste. La pregunta es: ¿cuánto estás dispuesto a pagar por el dinero que ganas?
If a product’s future is unlikely to be remarkable – if you can’t imagine a future in which people are once again fascinated by your product – it’s time to realize that the game has changed. Instead of investing in a dying product, take profits and reinvest them in building something new.
Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly. It comes as a by-product of providing a useful service.
It is very important that people see there is a bright future, and we can re-engage that entrepreneurial spirit of the trading nation for which the U.K. has always been known - that dynamic, creative spirit.
Sooner or later, each of us becomes (for a while) the kind of person who believes in the reptile people that control the earth. We’re seeking our own little pocket of uniqueness.
so did Wal-Mart remember Sam Walton and his WHY for a short time after he died. But as the WHY started to get fuzzier and fuzzier, the company changed direction. From then on, there would be a new motivation at the company, and it was something that Walton himself cautioned against: chasing money.
A movement is thrilling. It’s the work of many people, all connected, all seeking something better.
Extremely successful people know that their efforts must continue in order for them to realize new achievements. Once the hunt for a desired object or goal is abandoned, the cycle of success comes to an end.
I love the feeling that comes with being obsessed about an idea, and I admire seeing others who are that fanatical.
Remember: eagles don't fly with pigeons.
The goal was ambitious. Public interest was high. Experts were eager to contribute. Money was readily available. Armed with every ingredient for success, Samuel Pierpont Langley set out in the early 1900s to be the first man to pilot an airplane. Highly regarded, he was a senior officer at the Smithsonian Institution, a mathematics professor who had also worked at Harvard. His friends included some of the most powerful men in government and business, including Andrew Carnegie and Alexander Graham Bell. Langley was given a $50,000 grant from the War Department to fund his project, a tremendous amount of money for the time. He pulled together the best minds of the day, a veritable dream team of talent and know-how. Langley and his team used the finest materials, and the press followed him everywhere. People all over the country were riveted to the story, waiting to read that he had achieved his goal. With the team he had gathered and ample resources, his success was guaranteed. Or was it? A few hundred miles away, Wilbur and Orville Wright were working on their own flying machine. Their passion to fly was so intense that it inspired the enthusiasm and commitment of a dedicated group in their hometown of Dayton, Ohio. There was no funding for their venture. No government grants. No high-level connections. Not a single person on the team had an advanced degree or even a college education, not even Wilbur or Orville. But the team banded together in a humble bicycle shop and made their vision real. On December 17, 1903, a small group witnessed a man take flight for the first time in history. How did the Wright brothers succeed where a better-equipped, better-funded and better-educated team could not? It wasn’t luck. Both the Wright brothers and Langley were highly motivated. Both had a strong work ethic. Both had keen scientific minds. They were pursuing exactly the same goal, but only the Wright brothers were able to inspire those around them and truly lead their team to develop a technology that would change the world. Only the Wright brothers started with Why. 2.
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Tu talento natural sólo puede llevarte hasta cierto punto, pero si quieres ser el mejor, tendrás que esforzarte y dejar de ser perfeccionista.
As we’ll see, the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce. To create solutions and hustle them out the door.
the things that aren’t working. Rather, I wrote this book as a guide to focus on and amplify the things that do work. I
Sea cual sea el resultado, tomamos decisiones basadas en una visión del mundo
It’s impossible to create work that both matters and pleases everyone.
Great bosses and world-class organizations hire motivated people, set high expectations, and give their people room to become remarkable.
The uncertainty and lack of clarity about the potential outcome is the root of the problem. I provide clarity by asking a simple question, “Out of all these tasks you do every day, how many of these tasks are moving you toward the outcome you want?
Por suerte, Sinegal confía más en su intuición que en los analistas de Wall Street. «Wall Street se dedica al negocio de hacer dinero entre ahora y el martes que viene —declaró en la entrevista de 20/20
If all we do with these tools is teach compliance and consumption, that's all we're going to get. School can and must do more than train the factory workers of tomorrow.
it is not enough to know “the Why” of your organization; you must know your people and realize that they are much more than an expendable resource.
Ideas are worthless without the execution; execution is pointless without the ideas.
If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
In Life, you don’t get anywhere or do anything you hope to without some sort of sacrifice.
Creating skillful native content has little to do with selling and a lot to do with skillful storytelling.
We drink the can, not the beverage.
I think the great irony of history will be that it was a secular billionaire from New York who turned out the be the most faith-friendly president in history.
Being surrounded by educated people makes democracy stronger, and it benefits our entire economy.
Ironically, the woman’s initial interest may have been generated based on those elements. She agreed to go on the date because her friends told her that Brad was good-looking and that he had a good job and that he knew a lot of famous people. Even though all those things may be true, WHATs don’t drive decision-making, WHATs should be used as proof of WHY, and the date plainly fell flat.
Marketing, more than a lake or a forest, is the landscape of our modern lives.
There are two ways to grow: by stealing from the competition or by growing the market. The first path is slow and painful and difficult. The second path is where the magic of fast growth kicks in.
It’s human nature to be weird, but also human to be lonely. This conflict between fitting in and standing out is at the core of who we are.
If you don't know how it works, find out. If you're not sure if it will work, try it. If it doesn't make sense, play with it until it does. If it's not broken, break it. If it might not be true, find out.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
It is this authenticity that produces the relationships upon which all the best sales organizations are based. Relationships also build trust. And with trust comes loyalty.
Bonuses, promotions and other enticements, even instilling fear in people, become the only way to hold on to talent. That’s hardly inspiring. This
Risk, to some, is a bad thing, because risk brings with it the possibility of failure. It might be only a temporary failure, but that doesn’t matter so much if the very thought of it shuts you down. So, for some, risk comes to equal failure (take enough risks and sooner or later, you will fail). Risk is avoided because we’ve been trained to avoid failure.
A lot of what goes on these days with high-flying companies and these overpaid CEOs, who’re really just looting from the top and aren’t watching out for anybody but themselves, really upsets me. It’s one of the main things wrong with American business today.
So when our boss comes down hard on us and we don’t know the reason, it is equally our responsibility to express concern for their well-being. That’s how the Circle of Safety stays strong.
our behavior is affected by our assumptions or our perceived truths. We make decisions based on what we think we know
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.
If you religiously follow just the few core business philosophies that mean the most to you, and spend all your time there, everything else will naturally fall into place.
Dips don’t last quite as long when you whittle at them.
Writing a book is a tremendous experience. It pays off intellectually. It clarifies your thinking. It builds credibility. It is a living engine of marketing and idea spreading, working every day to deliver your message with authority. You should write one.Seth Godin
Leadership is a way of thinking, a way of acting and, most importantly, a way of communicating.
Why can’t we enjoy ourselves at work like we do when we’re not at work?
The expensive act of planning on late When you’re late, there’s not a lot of room for choice or decision or initiative. When you’re late, the path is well lit, and the choices are clear. Run! Run down the path you’ve run down before. Late is a tool for people unable to find the guts to stand for their acts. Late gives us cover; it permits us to trample forward, without creativity or panache. “Can’t you see I’m late!” we shout, as we do what we have to do, without even pausing to think about what we could do instead. Late might be useful, except that late is incredibly expensive. This strategy, the one we choose so we can avoid the fear of choice, costs us in so many ways. It degrades quality, misses airplanes, charges overtime, and shuts down those around us. It’s also exhausting. The alternative to planning on late is to initiate before it’s required, to ship before deadline, to put the idea out there before the crisis hits. This act of bravery actually gives you influence, leverage, and control in a way that planning on late never can.
Every day I meet people who have so much to give but have been bullied enough or frightened enough to hold it back. It's time to stop complying with the system and draw your own map. You have brilliance in you, your contribution is essential, and the art you create is precious. Only you can do it, and you must.
It turns out, even when offered big titles and bigger salaries, people would rather work at a place in which they feel like they belong. People would rather feel safe among their colleagues, have the opportunity to grow and feel a part of something bigger than themselves than work in a place that simply makes them rich. This is what happens when human beings, even engineers, are put in an environment for which we were designed. We stay. We remain loyal. We help each other and we do our work with pride and passion.
Reject the tyranny of picked. Pick yourself.
Strategic quitting is the secret of successful organisations. Reactive quitting and serial quitting are the bane of those that strive (and fail) to get what they want.
One way to become creative is to discipline yourself to generate bad ideas. The worse the better. Do it a lot and magically you'll discover that good ones slip through
Leadership, Alpha, comes at a cost. You see, we expect that when danger threatens us from the outside, that the person who is actually stronger, the person who is better fed, and the person who is teaming with serotonin and actually has higher confidence than the rest of us; we expect them to run towards the danger to protect us. This is what it means to be a leader. The cost of leadership is self interest. If you're not willing to give up your perks when it matters, then you probably shouldn't get promoted. You might be an authority but you will not be a leader. Leadership comes at a cost. You don't get to do less work when you get more senior, you have to do more work. And the more work you have to do is put yourself at risk to look after others. That is the anthropological definition of what a leader IS.Why Leaders Eat Last: http://vimeo.com/79899786
If you’re different at work than you are at home, in one of those two places you’re lying.
is all about degrees of certainty. “I can make a decision with 30 percent of the information,” said former secretary of state Colin Powell. “Anything more than 80 percent is too much.” There is always a level at which we trust ourselves or those around us to guide us, and don’t always feel we need all the facts and figures.
Misery may love company, but it is the companies that love misery that suffer the most.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
A strong personal brand is your ticket to complete personal and professional freedom.
Price is rarely the most important thing. A cheap product might sell some units. Somebody gets it home and they feel great when they pay the money, but then they get it home and use it and the joy is gone.
company’s responsibility to look after the employees first. Happy employees ensure happy customers, he said. And happy customers ensure happy shareholders—in that order.
There has to be a balance in life. A balance of business, family, and the opportunity to learn and teach.
as long as you’re working for someone else you will never be living entirely true to yourself and your passion.
I define anxiety as experiencing failure in advance…and if you have anxiety about initiating a project, then of course you will associate risk with failure.
A graceful person gets things done, but does it in a way you’d be happy to have repeated.
Managers manage a process they’ve seen before, and they react to the outside world, striving to make that process as fast and as cheap as possible. Leadership, on the other hand, is about creating change that you believe in.
Si no estás 100% feliz con tu vida actual, créeme que tratar de hacer algo que te haga feliz nunca será un desperdicio de tiempo.
No action is too small when it comes to changing the world… I’m inspired every time I meet an entrepreneur who is succeeding against all odds
Genius is in the idea. Impact comes from action.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
Solo hay dos maneras de influir en la conducta humana: o la puedes manipular o la puedes motivar
WHY it existed—to serve people
In taking Dell private, we plan to go back to our roots, focusing on the entrepreneurial spirit that made Dell one of the fastest-growing and most successful companies in history.
alternative to planning on late is to initiate before it’s required, to ship before deadline, to put the idea out there before the crisis hits. This act of bravery actually gives you influence, leverage, and control in a way that planning on late never can. Dandelion
Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes shine to the stars. Enthusiasm is the sparkle in your eyes, the swing in your gait. The grip of your hand, the irresistible surge of will and energy to execute your ideas.
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it. And what you do simply proves what you believe
If most companies don’t really know why their customers are their customers or why their employees are their employees, then how do they know how to attract more employees and encourage loyalty among those they already have?
I love museums but I don't want to live in one.
Contents Introduction: Why Start with Why? PART 1: A WORLD THAT DOESN’T START WITH WHY   1. Assume You Know   2. Carrots and Sticks PART 2: AN ALTERNATIVE PERSPECTIVE   3. The Golden Circle   4. This Is Not Opinion, This Is Biology   5. Clarity, Discipline and Consistency PART 3: LEADERS NEED A FOLLOWING   6. The Emergence of Trust   7. How a Tipping Point Tips PART 4: HOW TO RALLY THOSE WHO BELIEVE   8. Start with WHY, but Know HOW   9. Know WHY. Know HOW. Then WHAT? 10. Communication Is Not About Speaking, It’s About Listening PART 5: THE BIGGEST CHALLENGE IS SUCCESS 11. When WHY Goes Fuzzy 12. Split Happens PART 6: DISCOVER WHY 13. The Origins of a WHY 14. The New Competition
Companies and organizations with a clear sense of WHY never worry about it. They don’t think of themselves as being like anyone else and they don’t have to “convince” anyone of their value. They don’t need complex systems of carrots and sticks. They are different, and everyone knows it. They start with WHY in everything they say and do.
No generes contenidos, documenta
There’s just one problem with feelings. They can be tremendously difficult to express in words. That’s the reason we so often resort to metaphors and analogies,
Passion isn’t project-specific. It’s people-specific.
Intimidation, humiliation, isolation, feeling dumb, feeling useless and rejection are all stresses we try to avoid inside the organization. But the danger inside is controllable and it should be the goal of leadership to set a culture free of danger from each other. And the way to do that is by giving people a sense of belonging. By offering them a strong culture based on a clear set of human values and beliefs. By giving them the power to make decisions. By offering trust and empathy. By creating a Circle of Safety.
Write like you talk. Often.
There are 3 types of people:First makes things happenSecond watches things happenThird wonder what happen
You can get anything from life, but not everything
They focus on WHAT they do and HOW they do it without consideration of WHY, we lump them together, and they act like commodities. The more we treat them like commodities, the more they focus on WHAT and HOW they do it. It's a vicious circle.
The tragedy is that society (your school, your boss, your government, your family) keeps drumming the genius part out. The problem is that our culture has engaged in a Faustian bargain, in which we trade our genius and artistry for apparent stability.
You just have to make the choice to actually do it. I am so tired of excuses. Why not try something new? Be optimistic, exhibit patience, shut your mouth, and execute.
Artists are people with a genius for finding a new answer, a new connection, or a new way of getting things done.That would be you.
Velocidad Me encantan las buenas contradicciones, pero ésta no es una de ellas.
Trust does not emerge simply because a seller makes a rational case why the customer should buy a product or service, or because an executive promises change. Trust is not a checklist. Fulfilling all your responsibilities does not create trust. Trust is a feeling, not a rational experience. We trust some people and companies even when things go wrong, and we don’t trust others even though everything might have gone exactly as it should have. A completed checklist does not guarantee trust. Trust begins to emerge when we have a sense that another person or organization is driven by things other than their own self-gain. With trust comes a sense of value—real value, not just value equated with money. Value, by definition, is the transference of trust. You can’t convince someone you have value, just as you can’t convince someone to trust you. You have to earn trust by communicating and demonstrating that you share the same values and beliefs. You have to talk about your WHY and prove it with WHAT you do.
To a social animal, trust is like lubrication. It reduces friction and creates conditions much more conducive to performance,
Rich is my word for someone who can afford to make choices, who has enough resources to do more than merely survive.
Let us all be the leaders we wish we had.
The economy is not the problem, how people respond is the problem!
Average is a failing plan! Average doesn't work in any area of life. Anything that you give only average amounts of attention to will start to subside and will eventually cease to exist.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
College started as universitas magistrorum et scholarium—a community of masters and scholars. It was a refuge; it was a place you went to get lost in ideas, to discover and wander, and to plot a course as an academic. Today it’s a place you go to exchange a lifetime of debt for credit hours, a degree, and maybe a good job.
American culture strongly values ideals of entrepreneurship, independence and self-reliance. We call our WHY—the American Dream. French culture strongly values ideals of unified identity, group reliance and joie de vivre. (Notice that we use the French word to describe the joy-of-life lifestyle. Coincidence? Perhaps.)
How we respond to the opportunities and challenges of the outside world now determines how much the outside world values us.
When you hear what average people say and think, thank them for their advice. Then remind them that you want their support in going for it, and let them know that you would rather commit to your dreams and goals and be disappointed than never commit and be disappointed. Let
Leaders don’t have all the great ideas; they provide support for those who want to contribute. Leaders achieve very little by themselves; they inspire people to come together for the good of the group. Leaders never start with what needs to be done. Leaders start with WHY we need to do things. Leaders inspire action.
I've actually made a prediction that within 30 years a majority of new cars made in the United States will be electric. And I don't mean hybrid, I mean fully electric.
Crying about how things should be instead of embracing how things are doesn't do anyone any good.
We need students who can learn how to learn, who can discover how to push themselves and are generous enough and honest enough to engage with the outside world to make those dreams happen.
I think most people have it upside down. Being charismatic doesn’t make you a leader. Being a leader makes you charismatic. There
In the military, they give medals for people who are willing to sacrifice themselves so that others may survive. In business, we give bonuses to people who sacrifice others.
For great leaders, The Golden Circle is in balance. They are in pursuit of WHY, they hold themselves accountable to HOW they do it and WHAT they do serves as the tangible proof of what they believe.
pero lo que más me sorprende es que entendí que no se trata de cuánto sabes, sino de cuánto te importan los otros y la atención que le pongas a todo.
People are recognizing that I am an entrepreneur and do more than be on a reality TV show.
Letting someone into an organization is like adopting a child.
Are you one of those people? One of the people with too many good ideas? The folks who have notebooks filled with notions, or daydreams filled with the future? You’ve certainly met these people. They’re too busy taking notes to get anything done, too busy inventing to actually instigate. To stop this process, one needs to do only two things: Start. And then . . . Ship. Can’t
Heretics are the new leaders. The ones who challenge the status quo, who get out in front of their tribes, who create movements.
La verdadera innovación cambia el curso de los sectores industriales o incluso de la sociedad.
The typical factory-centric organization places a premium on not-wrong, and spends no time at all weeding out those who don’t start. In the networked economy, the innovation-focused organization has no choice but to obsess about those who don’t start. Today, not starting is far, far worse than being wrong. If you start, you’ve got a shot at evolving and adjusting to turn your wrong into a right. But if you don’t start, you never get a chance.
a child’s sense of well-being is affected less by the long hours their parents put in at work and more by the mood their parents are in when they come home. Children are better off having a parent who works into the night in a job they love than a parent who works shorter hours but comes home unhappy. This is the influence our jobs have on our families.
Leaders are the ones who run headfirst into the unknown. They rush toward the danger. They put their own interests aside to protect us or to pull us into the future. Leaders would sooner sacrifice what is theirs to save what is ours. And they would never sacrifice what is ours to save what is theirs. This is what it means to be a leader. It means they choose to go first into danger, headfirst toward the unknown. And when we feel sure they will keep us safe, we will march behind them and work tirelessly to see their visions come to life and proudly call ourselves their followers.
criticism precedes admiration and—like it or not—goes hand in hand with success.
Our need to belong is not rational, but it is a constant that exists across all people in all cultures.
Great leaders are willing to sacrifice the numbers to save the people. Poor leaders sacrifice the people to save the numbers.
Leadership is about integrity, honesty and accountability. All components of trust.
The only way people will know what you believe is by the things you say and do, and if you’re not consistent in the things you say and do, no one will know what you believe.
The biggest mistake I see influencers make is, they’ll work with every brand on the planet. It’s all about how many brands can they work with, not about the audience, not about the readership. I see no longevity there. I’m more focused on building my own brand than other people’s brands.
The goal is to quit the tasks you’re doing because you’re hiding on behalf of the lizard brain and to push through the very tasks the lizard fears. Is
Seth runs TheMarketingSeminar.com, which is the intensive workshop that this book is based on.
Great companies don`t hire skilled people and motivate them, they hire already motivated people and inspire them. People are either motivated or they are not. Unless you give motivated people something to believe in, something better than their job to work toward, they will motivate themselves to find a new job and you`ll be stuck with whoever`s left.
Leadership, the Marines understand, is not about being right all the time. Leadership is not a rank worn on a collar. It is a responsibility that hinges almost entirely on character. Leadership is about integrity, honesty and accountability. All components of trust. Leadership comes from telling us not what we want to hear, but rather what we need to hear. To be a true leader, to engender deep trust and loyalty, starts with telling the truth.
Integrity is when our words and deeds are consistent with our intentions. A
Let’s define dumb as being different from stupid. Dumb means you don’t know what you’re supposed to know. Stupid means you know it but make bad choices. […] Dumb used to be a by-product of lack of access, bad teachers, or poor parenting. Today, dumb is a choice, one that’s made by individuals who choose not to learn. If you don’t know what you need to know, that’s fixable. But first you have to want to fix it.
By being customer-focused instead of retail-focused, or factory-focused, a manufacturer or merchant can widely increase its offerings, thus increasing share of wallet.
I think in business, you have to learn to be patient. Maybe I’m not very patient myself. But I think that I’ve learned the most is be able to wait for something and get it when it’s the right time.
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes... but no plans.”  -- Peter Drucker
Every single employee is someone’s son or someone’s daughter. Parents work to offer their children a good life and a good education and to teach them the lessons that will help them grow up to be happy, confident and able to use all the talents they were blessed with. Those parents then hand their children over to a company with the hope the leaders of that company will exercise the same love and care as they have. “It is we, the companies, who are now responsible for these precious lives,” says Chapman, as he balls his hands into fists with the conviction of a devoted preacher. This is what it means to be a leader. This is what it means to build a strong company.
Shackleton was looking for those with something more. He was looking for a crew that belonged on such an expedition. His actual ad ran like this: “Men wanted for Hazardous journey. Small wages, bitter cold, long months of complete darkness, constant danger, safe return doubtful. Honour and recognition in case of success.” The only people who applied for the job were those who read the ad and thought it sounded great. They loved insurmountable odds. The only people who applied for the job were survivors. Shackleton hired only people who believed what he believed. Their ability to survive was guaranteed. When employees belong, they will guarantee your success. And they won’t be working hard and looking for innovative solutions for you, they will be doing it for themselves.
When I was 12 years old, I got interested in learning English.
The leaders of great organizations do not see people as a commodity to be managed to help grow the money. They see the money as the commodity to be managed to help grow their people.
Take massive action. Before
When Henry Ford made cheap, reliable cars people said, 'Nah, what's wrong with a horse?' That was a huge bet he made, and it worked.
There are no longer any great jobs where someone else tells you precisely what to do
I don't think there's any question that the UFL or any other league that wants to challenge the NFL can have an impact. The demand for professional football is off the charts.
In creating an ideavirus, the advertiser creates an environment in which the idea can replicate and spread. It’s the virus that does the work, not the marketer.
Billionaires’ working hours are twenty-four seven. They don’t wait till Monday.
Expect things to go wrong so you can pre-thought them
Bloggers around the world are discovering that it’s cheaper and faster and more effective to build their own media channels than it is to waste time arguing with the old ones.
supervivencia. ¿Cómo lograrlo? Creando una marca personal tan fuerte que trascienda plataformas, productos e incluso el tema que te apasiona.
This is an addictive pastime. You take no real risk, touch the world, and it responds. Repeat.
Faith is underrated. Paradoxically, religion is vastly overrated.
La recepcionista que quiere un aumento, la actriz que quiere el papel, el hombre que se quiere quedar con la chica, todos ellos dependen de su habilidad para venderse, lo sepan o no.
Hacer un esfuerzo sin conseguir el resultado no es ético porque es una manera de mentirte y de fallar en el cumplimiento de tus obligaciones y compromisos. Tratar, desear, rezar, esperar y querer no te acercará a la meta. A mi entender, la gente ética obtiene resultados y crea mucho éxito para sí misma, su familia y su empresa, tanto que sobrevive a cualquier tormenta y tiene éxito sin importar las dificultades.
One of the things that school is for is to teach our children to understand and relish the idea of intellectualism, to develop into something more than a purpose-driven tool for the industrial state.
Learning is not done to you, it is something you choose to do.
As soon as we associate reading with a test, we've missed the point.
I'd rather Apple cannibalize Apple than somebody else cannibalize Apple.
Trabajo A lo largo de los años he analizado el trabajo de personas que, a primera vista, estaban haciendo todo bien.
We don’t necessarily find happiness in our jobs every day, but we can feel fulfilled by our work every day if it makes us feel part of something bigger than ourselves.
I think two people with strong points of view can appreciate each other even more.
consumers, we’re too busy to pay attention to advertising, but we’re desperate to find good stuff that solves our problems.
Capitalism does a number of things very well: it helps create an entrepreneurial spirit; it gets people motivated to come up with new ideas, and that's a good thing.
Vender (según el Merriam-Webster’s Collegiate Dictionary) es la acción de persuadir o influir los actos o la aceptación de alguien más.
Start with why
No, the reason that most of them didn’t have a chance is that somewhere along the way they quit. They didn’t quit high school or college or law school. Instead, they quit in their quest to be the best in the world because the cost just seemed too high.
Our struggles are the short-term steps we must take on our way to long-term success.
Most of our lives in public are spent papering over, rationalizing, and otherwise denying our fear. We go to war because we’re afraid, and we often go to spiritual events for the very same reason.
Someone is sitting in the shade today, because someone planted a tree long ago.
Leadership, true leadership, is not the bastion of those who sit at the top. It is the responsibility of anyone who belongs to the group.
It was a classic blunder. He had forgotten he was part of a team. He had forgotten that what made him so good at his job was not just his ability. Jumper was one of the best because there were others who were looking out for him. A massive infrastructure of people he couldn’t see.
Strangers Friends Customers Loyal Customers Former Customers
But when a company clearly communicates their WHY, what they believe, and we believe what they believe, then we will sometimes go to extraordinary lengths to include those products or brands in our lives
Because the work we’re doing now is better than the work we were doing six months ago. And the work we’ll be doing six months from now will be better than the work we’re doing today.
In time, as if by magic, we will realize that we have developed a deep bond with this person. The madness and excitement and spontaneity of the dopamine hit is replaced by a more relaxed, more stable, more long-term oxytocin-driven relationship. A vastly more valuable state if we have to rely on someone to help us do things and protect us when we’re weak. My favorite definition of love is giving someone the power to destroy us and trusting they won’t use it.
Content that entertains sees engagement. Content that sees engagement tells Facebook and the rest of the world that your customers care about your brand, so that when you finally do put out something that would directly benefit your bottom line—a coupon, a free-shipping offer, or some other call to action—4 percent of your community sees it instead of a half percent, which gives you a much better chance at making a sale. TARGET
Emotional labor is the hard work of making art, producing generosity, and exposing creativity. Working without a map involves both vision and the willingness to do something about what you see. Emotional labor is what you get paid to do, and one of the most difficult types of emotional labor is staring into the abyss of choice and picking a path.
Some in management positions operate as if they are in a tree of monkeys. They make sure that everyone at the top of the tree looking down sees only smiles.
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
the secret sauce remains the same: The incredible brand awareness and bottom-line profits achievable through social media marketing require hustle, heart, sincerity, constant engagement, long-term commitment, and most of all, artful and strategic storytelling.
I like winning; I hope you do too!
Too many people are scared to share their visions and thoughts in public or even in board-rooms. Having a strong vision is important for your personal brand. Don’t be afraid to say what you think. Ever. That said, don’t forget to listen, either.
Look at all the billionaires. If I know 15 billionaires, I know 13 unhappy people.
Real innovation changes the course of industries or even society. The light bulb, the microwave oven, the fax machine, iTunes. These are true innovations that changed how we conduct business, altered how we live our lives, and, in the case of iTunes, challenged an industry to completely reevaluate its business model. Adding a camera to a mobile phone, for example, is not an innovation—a great feature, for sure, but not industry-altering.
there are two core things that bring people value: 1) entertainment, and 2) utility.
What I've learned in these 11 years is you just got to stay focused and believe in yourself and trust your own ability and judgment.
We see our customers as invited guests to a party, and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better.
It is important to celebrate our victories, but we cannot linger on them. For the Infinite Game is still going and there is still much work to be done.
Si quieres hacerla en grande, cuando comienzas, no hay tiempo para descansar. No hay tiempo para ver videos en YouTube, ni para pasar el rato a gusto en el salón de descanso ni para tomarse hora y media para comer.
Before a marketer can build trust, it must breed familiarity. But there’s no familiarity without awareness. And awareness—the science of letting people know you exist and getting them to understand your message—can’t happen effectively in today’s environment without advertising.
Those who retreat will spend a lot of time justifying why they are retreating.
The way we make things better is by caring enough about those we serve to imagine the story that they need to hear. We need to be generous enough to share that story, so they can take action that they’ll be proud of.
Not only must you be an artist, must you be generous, and must you be able to see where you can help but you must also be aware. Aware of where your skills are welcomed.
Not until those without information relinquish their control can an organization run better, smoother and faster and reach its maximum potential.
Today, not starting is far, far worse than being wrong. If you start, you've got a shot at evolving and adjusting to turn your wrong into a right. But if you don't start, you never get a chance.
These exceptional organizations all have cultures in which the leaders provide cover from above and the people on the ground look out for each other. This is the reason they are willing to push hard and take the kinds of risks they do. And the way any organization can achieve this is with empathy.
Men wanted for Hazardous journey. Small wages, bitter cold, long months of complete darkness, constant danger, safe return doubtful. Honour and recognition in case of success.
Un gran vendedor se hace responsable de la desconfianza del comprador, la acepta y nunca lo toma como algo personal.
To make an embarrassing admission, I like video games. That's what got me into software engineering when I was a kid. I wanted to make money so I could buy a better computer to play better video games - nothing like saving the world.
Start Your Journey Before You See the End
In short, professional competence is not enough to be a good leader; good leaders must truly care about those entrusted to their care.
When Krispy Kreme opens in a new town, they begin by giving away thousands of donuts. Of course, the people most likely to show up for a free hot donut are those who have heard the legend of Krispy Kreme and are delighted that they’re finally in town. These sneezers are quick to tell their friends, sell their friends, even drag their friends to a store. And that’s where the second phase kicks in. Krispy Kreme is obsessed with dominating the donut conversation. Once they’ve opened their flagship stores in an area, they rush to do deals with gas stations, coffee shops, and delis. The goal? To make it easy for someone to stumble onto the product. They start with people who will drive twenty miles, and finish with people too lazy to cross the street.
If you don't win or success very often on what are you doing, and your brain is not excited, then you program your brain to not trying too hard
Anxiety is nothing but repeatedly reexperiencingfailure in advance. What a waste.
Cowards...cling to the hope that failure will never happen and may be sloppy in the face of danger - not because they don't acknowledge that it exists, but because they are just too afraid of it to look it in the eye.
This is important because our behavior is affected by our assumptions or our perceived truths. We make decisions based on what we think we know. It wasn’t too long ago that the majority of people believed the world was flat. This perceived truth impacted behavior. During this period, there was very little exploration. People feared that if they traveled too far they might fall off the edge of the earth. So for the most part they stayed put. It wasn’t until that minor detail was revealed—the world is round—that behaviors changed on a massive scale. Upon this discovery, societies began to traverse the planet. Trade routes were established; spices were traded. New ideas, like mathematics, were shared between societies which unleashed all kinds of innovations and advancements. The correction of a simple false assumption moved the human race forward.
Let’s look at that Apple example again and rewrite the example in the order Apple actually communicates. This time, the example starts with WHY. Everything we do, we believe in challenging the status quo. We believe in thinking differently. The way we challenge the status quo is by making our products beautifully designed, simple to use and user-friendly. And we happen to make great computers. Wanna buy one? It’s a completely different message. It actually feels different from the first one. We’re much more eager to buy a computer from Apple after reading the second version—
An interesting thing about success is that it's like a breath of air; although your last breath of air is important, it's not nearly as important as the next one.
I don’t know what’s the matter with people: they don’t learn by understanding, they learn by some other way—by rote or something. Their knowledge is so fragile!” —Richard Feynman
Treating success as an option is one of the major reasons why more people don't create it for themselves—and why most people don't even get close to living up to their full potential.
That's your opportunity--to approach your work in a way that generates unique learning and interactions that are worth sharing.
There is no sale without the story; no knockout without the setup.
Heretics must believe. More than anyone else in an organization, it's the person who's challenging the status quo, the one who is daring to be great, who is truly present and not just punching a clock who must have confidence in her beliefs. Can you imagine Steve Jobs showing up for the paycheck? It's nice to get paid. It's essential to believe.
Failure is not the outcome – failure is not trying. Don’t be afraid to fail.
Art isn't only a painting. Art is anything that's creative, passionate, and personal. And great art resonates with the viewer, not only with the creator.What makes someone an artist? I don't think is has anything to do with a paintbrush. There are painters who follow the numbers, or paint billboards, or work in a small village in China, painting reproductions. These folks, while swell people, aren't artists. On the other hand, Charlie Chaplin was an artist, beyond a doubt. So is Jonathan Ive, who designed the iPod. You can be an artists who works with oil paints or marble, sure. But there are artists who work with numbers, business models, and customer conversations. Art is about intent and communication, not substances.An artists is someone who uses bravery, insight, creativity, and boldness to challenge the status quo. And an artists takes it personally.That's why Bob Dylan is an artist, but an anonymous corporate hack who dreams up Pop 40 hits on the other side of the glass is merely a marketer. That's why Tony Hsieh, founder of Zappos, is an artists, while a boiler room of telemarketers is simply a scam.Tom Peters, corporate gadfly and writer, is an artists, even though his readers are businesspeople. He's an artists because he takes a stand, he takes the work personally, and he doesn't care if someone disagrees. His art is part of him, and he feels compelled to share it with you because it's important, not because he expects you to pay him for it.Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient. The medium doesn't matter. The intent does.Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
when a company clearly communicates their WHY, what they believe, and we believe what they believe, then we will sometimes go to extraordinary lengths to include those products or brands in our lives.
Dare to be alone, that's when ideas are born.
Make it easy to believe.
Leadership, true leadership, is not the bastion of those who sit at the top. It is the responsibility of anyone who belongs to the group. Though those with formal rank may have authority to work at greater scale, each of us has a responsibility to keep the Circle of Safety strong. We must all start today to do little things for the good of others … one day at a time.
Kindness creates connection. It generates respect (on both sides) and it scales.
In the linchpin economy, the winners are once again the artists who give gifts. Giving a gift makes you indispensable. Inventing a gift, creating art—that is what the market seeks out, and the givers are the ones who earn our respect and attention.
the more crowded the marketplace, the busier your customers, the more you need the Purple Cow. Half-measures will fail. Overhauling the product with dramatic improvements in things the right customers care about, on the other hand, can have a huge payoff.
Africa's vibrancy and entrepreneurial spirit is un-matched. There's huge potential here to grow business, create jobs, and to improve living standards.
I hope that’s not so simple that it gets ignored, because it’s important. It’s such an effective idea that it saves children’s lives every day. All the Sternins did was find the mom with the healthy kids. And then they helped the others in the village notice what she was doing. They gave that mom a spotlight, encouraging her to keep it up and, more important, encouraging others to follow her lead.
«Quejarse es estúpido. Actúa u olvídalo.» Stefan Sagmeister
The time to develop a multiple income source strategy is not when you run out of money.Then it will be too late.
En aquellos tiempos, si le hubieras preguntado a Southwest quiénes eran sus competidores, te habrían dicho: «Competimos con el coche y el autobús». Aunque lo que querían decir era: «Somos los defensores del hombre de la calle». Ese era el PORQUÉ de que fundaran la aerolínea. Esa era su causa, su finalidad, su razón para existir.
in order to get to the next level of whatever you're doing, you must think and act in a wildly different way than you previously have been. You cannot get to the next phase of a project without a grander mind-set, more acceleration, and extra horsepower.
The goal is to hire those who are passionate for your WHY, your purpose, cause or belief, and who have the attitude that fits your culture
Obsession is what you will need to set 10X goals and to follow them up with 10X actions. Remember
In an era of grassroots change, the top of the pyramid is too far away from where the action is to make much of a difference. It
Make it for your customer or your audience, not for yourself. Be generous. Be informative. Be funny.
The human brain is an incredible pattern-matching machine.
If I’m going to do something, I do it spectacularly or I don’t do it at all.
Great leaders, in contrast, are able to inspire people to act. Those who are able to inspire give people a sense of purpose or belonging that has little to do with any external incentive or benefit to be gained. Those who truly lead are able to create a following of people who act not because they were swayed, but because they were inspired. For those who are inspired, the motivation to act is deeply personal. They are less likely to be swayed by incentives. Those who are inspired are willing to pay a premium or endure inconvenience, even personal suffering. Those who are able to inspire will create a following of people—supporters, voters, customers, workers—who act for the good of the whole not because they have to, but because they want to.
Stop settling for what's good enough and start creating art that matters
Value is not determined by those who set the price. Value is determined by those who choose to pay it.
On Facebook, the definition of great content is not the content that makes the most sales, but the content that people most want to share with others. Unfortunately
No puedes decir que eres un experto hasta que no hayas trabajado lo necesario, y además, eso lo decide el mercado, no tú.
Ignoring platforms that have gained critical mass is a great way to look slow and out-of-touch. Do not cling to nostalgia. Do not put your principles above the reality of the market. Do not be a snob.
I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself.
That is what lower performers do; they make others wrong for doing what is necessary in order to make themselves feel okay about doing nothing! The highest performers—the winners—respond by studying successful people and duplicating success.
I'm an entrepreneur trying to let the American people know that it's not immigrants that are causing economic problems, it is the fact that our economy is advancing in ways that is making human labor less and less essential.
Good leadership is like exercise. We do not see any improvement to our bodies with day-to-day comparisons.
The second reason there are such tremendous benefits to being number one is a little more subtle. Being at the top matters because there’s room at the top for only a few.
I want people to learn what democracy means.
nuestra conducta se ve condicionada por las suposiciones que hacemos o lo que percibimos como cierto.
If you’re going to quit, quit before you start. Reject the system. Don’t play the game if you realize you can’t be the best in the world. Average
Permission Marketers are totally obvious about their objectives with the consumer.
Sometimes we make the process more complicated than we need to. We will never make a journey of a thousand miles by fretting about how long it will take or how hard it will be. We make the journey by taking each day step by step and then repeating it again and again until we reach our destination.
Being careful requires you to take actions cautiously—and there is no way that you will ever hit 10X activity levels by being cautious.
You’re like tourists in Oslo who haven’t bothered to study a word of Norwegian. How can you expect anyone to care what you have to say?
The fourth year would prove to be very different. The novelty of being an entrepreneur had worn off. I no longer stood like George Reeves. When asked what I did, I would now tell people that I did “positioning and strategy consulting.” It was much less exciting and it certainly didn’t feel like a big race anymore. It was no longer a passionate pursuit, it was just a business. And the reality was that the business did not look that rosy.
There’s a huge difference between being childlike and being childish. When we embrace joy and look at the world with fresh eyes we’re being childlike. When we demand instant gratification and a guarantee that everything will be ok, we’re only being childish.
The factory has programmed that adventurous impulse out of us. The economic imperative of the last century has been to avoid risk, avoid change, and most of all, avoid exploration and the new. An efficient factory fears change because change means retooling and risk and a blip in productivity. Sure, we’ll put up with change if we have to, and welcome the predictable incremental change of productivity improvement, but please leave us alone when it comes to the word “bold.” Avoiding risk worked then but doesn’t work now. Now “what’s next?” is in fact the driving force for individuals and for organizations. Ever onward, ever faster.
We live in times of high stress. Messages that are simple, messages that are inspiring, messages that are life-affirming, are a welcome break from our real lives.
The challenge is to focus on the work, not on the fear that comes from doing the work.
No one is perfect, and I see ways in which each of the companies I’ve profiled could adjust and improve their social media initiatives. Then again, I’m well aware that there are things I could do to improve my own efforts. Sustaining relationships and leveraging social networks is challenging work. Yet the thing that strikes me about the individuals who are leading the companies and brands profiled in this book is their excitement. They work like animals, and the economy is still wobbly, but when they talk about their work, you get the definite sense that all they see are doors of opportunity flying open every day. It’s as though social media has given all its users an equal platform on which they can build not just their careers, but their dreams.
I don't care what anyone says. Being rich is a good thing.
[M]ost companies have no clue why their customers are their customers. If companies don’t know why their customers are their customers, odds are good that they don’t know why their employers are their employers, either.
Skill and attitude are essential. Authority is not. In fact, authority can get in the way.
the bigger the goal, the more effort it requires, the more dopamine we get. This is why it feels really good to work hard to accomplish something difficult, while doing something quick and easy may only give us a little hit if anything at all. In other words, it feels good to put in a lot of effort to accomplish something. There is no biological incentive to do nothing.
This is the most important lesson I can impart to all of you,” he offered. “All the perks, all the benefits and advantages you may get for the rank or position you hold, they aren’t meant for you. They are meant for the role you fill. And when you leave your role, which eventually you will, they will give the ceramic cup to the person who replaces you. Because you only ever deserved a Styrofoam cup.
If you’re not passionate enough about what your company does to find fuel for conversation every day, for hours on end, with as many people as possible, maybe you’re in the wrong business. Go general if you have to. Not everyone can be the Lakers, but anyone can talk basketball. When I started out, I didn’t have the name recognition of Robert Parker, or the clout of Wine Spectator, so I didn’t talk about Gary Vaynerchuk or Wine Library—I talked about Chardonnay. Social media gives you the opportunity to take your business to its fullest potential. Grab it.
Don’t fear failure. Fear being in the exact same place next year as you are today.
American democracy in the past has always been known for its large middle class and its relatively few very wealthy people and very few very poor people, but that is gone to today and the middle class is shrinking.
Our society is struggling because during times of change, the very last people you need on your team are well-paid bureaucrats, note takers, literalists, manual readers, TGIF laborers, map followers, and fearful employees.
to inspire people to do the things that inspire them—
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
We’ve been trained to prefer being right to learning something, to prefer passing the test to making a difference, and most of all, to prefer fitting in with the right people, the people with economic power. Now it’s your turn to stand up and stand out.
We need to build more organizations that prioritize the care of human beings. As leaders, it is our sole responsibility to protect our people and, in turn, our people will protect each other and advance the organization together. As employees or members of the group, we need the courage to take care of each other when our leaders don’t. And in doing so, we become the leaders we wish we had.
The combination of passion and art is what makes someone a linchpin.
Yes, I think it's okay to abandon the big, established, stuck tribe. It's okay to say to them, "You're not going where I need to go, and there's no way I'm going to persuade all of you to follow me. So rather than standing here watching the opportunities fade away, I'm heading off. I'm betting some of you, the best of you, will follow me.
Traditional corporations, particularly large-scale service and manufacturing businesses are organized for efficiency. Or consistency. But not joy. Joy comes from surprise and connection and humanity and transparency and new...If you fear special requests, if you staff with cogs, if you have to put it all in a manual, then the chances of amazing someone are really quite low. These organizations have people who will try to patch problems over after the fact, instead of motivated people eager to delight on the spot.The alternative, it seems, is to organize for joy. These are the companies that give their people the freedom (and the expectation) that they will create, connect and surprise. These are the organizations that embrace someone who make a difference, as opposed to searching the employee handbook for a rule that was violated.
(It’s easier for investors and bosses to spend time and money going after a proven market, even though proven markets are the hardest to break into.)
Working hard for something we do not care about is called stress, working hard for something we love is called passion.
Forward thinkers don't copy. They don't compete—they create.
Marketers make things better by making change happen.
Regardless of the timing, the economy, the product, or how big your venture is, the right acts done to the right degree over time will make you successful.
ASSOCIATE WITH WINNERSFour groups of people will dramatically influence how your business evolves:» Customers» Employees» Vendors» PeersLine yourself up with the wrong people in each category and, like a poorly created bonsai tree, your business will grow up twisted and misshapen.
cada resultado que deseamos, empieza con lo mismo: una decisión.
real success goes to those who obsess. The focus that leads you through the Dip to the other side is rewarded by a marketplace in search of the best in the world. A woodpecker can tap twenty times on a thousand trees and get nowhere, but stay busy. Or he can tap twenty-thousand times on one tree and get dinner.
Sin vendedores, el mundo dejaría de girar. Piénsalo: si un producto no se vende ni circula entre la gente, las fábricas se detienen, la producción se estanca, deja de haber necesidad de distribuir o almacenar, de importar y exportar, de comercializar.
Telling people to have integrity doesn’t guarantee that their decisions will always keep customers’ or clients’ best interest in mind; telling them to always do the right thing does.
two ways to influence human behavior: you can manipulate it or you can inspire it.
So great leaders don't try to please everyone. Great leaders don't water down their message in order to make the tribe a bit bigger. Instead, they realize that a motivated, connected tribe in the midst of a movement is far more powerful than a larger group could ever be.
When the time is taken to build proper relationships and when leaders choose to put their people before their numbers, when we can actually feel a sense of trust for each other, the oxytocin released in our bodies can reverse many of the negative effects of operating in a high-stress, cortisol-soaked environment. In other words, it’s not the nature of the work we do or the number of hours we work that will help us reduce stress and achieve work-life balance; it’s increased amounts of oxytocin and serotonin. Serotonin boosts our self-confidence and inspires us to help those who work for us and make proud those for whom we work. Oxytocin relieves stress, increases our interest in our work and improves our cognitive abilities, making us better able to solve complex problems. It boosts our immune systems, lowers blood pressure, increases our libido and actually lessens our cravings and addictions. And best of all, it inspires us to work together.
Players with an infinite mindset want to leave their organizations in better shape than they found them.
For me, democratic socialism is about - really, the value for me is that I believe that in a modern, moral, and wealthy society, no person in America should be too poor to live.
When we tell people to do their jobs, we get workers. When we trust people to get the job done, we get leaders.
Cultures that are ethically strong are also a result of the culture the leaders build.
Authenticity cannot be achieved without clarity of WHY. And authenticity matters.
Consumers are not loyal to cheap commodities. They crave the unique, the remarkable, and the human.
It’s more about a five- or ten- or fifteen-year process where you start finding your voice, and finally you begin to realize that the safest thing you can do feels risky and the riskiest thing you can do is play it safe.
Do kids benefit when they see their moms and dads losing or quitting?
Those who are inspired are willing to pay a premium or endure inconvenience, even personal suffering. Those who are able to inspire will create a following of people—supporters, voters, customers, workers—who act for the good of the whole not because they have to, but because they want to.
When you are taking massive action, you aren't thinking in terms of how many hours you work.
the majority of brands and businesses still haven’t realized the unprecedented insight Facebook gives us into people’s lives and psychology,
As we advance in life we learn the limits of our abilities.
It’s not the number of followers you have or “likes” you get, it’s the strength of your bond with your followers that indicates how much anyone cares about what you have to say. In this game, the one with the most real relationships wins.
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see farther.
Ningún proceso productivo, ningún trabajo de ventas tendrá éxito si los clientes no son su prioridad. Los productos no son seres vivos, las personas sí.
What other people label or might try to call failure, I have learned is just God’s way of pointing you in a new direction
Each and every year, the United States loses an estimated $100 billion a year in tax revenues due to offshore tax abuses by the wealthy and large corporations.
The true value of an organization is measured by the desire others have to contribute to that organization’s ability to keep succeeding, not just during the time they are there, but well beyond their own tenure.
Only 20 percent of Americans “love” their jobs.
People don't buy what you do, they buy why you do it.
My vision is for a fully reusable rocket transport system between Earth and Mars that is able to re-fuel on Mars - this is very important - so you don't have to carry the return fuel when you go there.
Building trust requires nothing more than telling
So, what’s smart? Living life without regret. Now that you know what to call the fear that has held you back all these years, what are you going to choose to do about the resistance? Now that you understand that society rewards you for standing out, for giving gifts, for making connections and being remarkable, what are you going to choose to do with that information? You have a genius inside of you, a daemon with something to share with the world. Everyone does. Are you going to continue hiding it, holding it back, and settling for less than you deserve just because your lizard brain is afraid? There lies regret. Can
Bottom line is when we focus on our strengths and lean in to the strengths of others, we can make the impossible possible.
The factory is a dead end and so is compliance. More obedience will not make us better. That’s why graceful is in such demand.
It’s no longer the big fish eating the small fish—it’s the fast fish eating the slow fish.
A toda la gente le conviene construir una marca personal, incluso si no le interesa volverse rica o famosa.
es mucho mejor que te equivoques diez veces y que estés en lo correcto tres, que si nada más intentas hacer algo tres veces y todo te sale bien en las tres ocasiones.
Who’s it for?
The Skinny Confidential, no lo mencioné ni una sola vez sino hasta que estuvo hecho. Porque a mí lo que me gusta es mostrar las cosas.
As long as you are alive, you will either live to accomplish your own goals and dreams or be used as a resource to accomplish someone else's.
Work to Your Potential, Not Your Quota
A great leader doesn't only inspire us to have confidence in what they can do. A great leader inspires us to have confidence in what we can do
I've always hated litigation, and I continue to hate it.
People don't believe what you tell them.They rarely believe what you show them.They often believe what their friends tell them.They always believe what they tell themselves.
Remember, these chemicals control our feelings. That’s why we can actually feel the weight of responsibility when others commit time and energy to support us. We want them to feel that the sacrifices they made for us were worth it. We don’t want to let them down. We want to make them proud. And if we are the ones giving the support, we feel an equal sense of responsibility. We want to do right by them so that they can accomplish all that they set out to do. It is because of serotonin that we can’t feel a sense of accountability to numbers; we can only feel accountable to people. This
The web has made kicking ass easier to achieve, and mediocrity harder to sustain. Mediocrity now howls in protest.” The
I refuse to feel guilty. I feel guilty about too much in my life but not about money. I went through periods when I had nothing, so somebody in my family has to get stinkin' wealthy.
After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts.
The lizard brain is hungry, scared, angry, and horny.The lizard brain only wants to eat and be safe.The lizard brain will fight (to the death) if it has to, but would rather run away. It likes a vendetta and has no trouble getting angry.The lizard brain cares what everyone else thinks, because status in the tribe is essential to its survival.A squirrel runs around looking for nuts, hiding from foxes, listening for predators, and watching for other squirrels. The squirrel does this because that's all it can do. All the squirrel has is a lizard brain.The only correct answer to 'Why did the chicken cross the road?' is 'Because it's lizard brain told it to.' Wild animals are wild because the only brain they posses is a lizard brain.The lizard brain is not merely a concept. It's real, and it's living on the top of your spine, fighting for your survival. But, of course, survival and success are not the same thing.The lizard brain is the reason you're afraid, the reason you don't do all the art you can, the reason you don't ship when you can. The lizard brain is the source of the resistance.
Given the choice between building a thriving, profitable business with a niche and a really boring product and putting your life savings into an intensely competitive business where youʼre likely to fail but the product is cool, the experienced bootstrapper will pick the former every time. If you find an industry filled with wannabe entrepreneurs with a dollar and a dream, run away and look for something else!
Don’t forget that a WHY is just a belief, HOWs are the actions we take to realize that belief and WHATs are the results of those actions.
We're introducing separate rooms with double beds in all of our planes so people can actually go with their partner and have a proper night's sleep.
It is very difficult to get people to focus on the most important things when you're in boom times.
In 2001, Republicans used reconciliation to pass President Bush's $1.35 trillion tax cut that mainly benefited the wealthy.
unsure whether we will be thrown to the wolves, we become almost immobilized. It is the rustle in the grass, the fear of what may be lurking, that initiates the flow of cortisol into our bloodstreams. It is the cortisol that makes us as paranoid and focused on self-preservation
All the great organizations in the world, all have a sense of why that organization does what it does.
A great school experience won’t keep you from being remarkable, but it’s usually not sufficient to guarantee that you will become so. There’s something else at work here.
I'm coming to this world not to work. I want to come to this world to enjoy my life. I don't want to die in my office. I want to die on the beaches.
Spider-Man's probably my favorite. You see, Batman is a billionaire and there's nothing really cool about a billionaire saving the world. But Spider-Man is Peter Parker, a conflicted character who puts on a suit and saves the world. I love that.
Manipulative techniques have become such a mainstay in American business today that it has become virtually impossible for some to kick the habit. Like any addiction, the drive is not to get sober, but to find the next fix faster and more frequently. And as good as the short-term highs may feel, they have a deleterious impact on the long-term health of an organization.
Directions are instructions given to explain how. Direction is a vision offered to explain why.
Ridiculous yachts and private planes and big limousines won't make people enjoy life more, and it sends out terrible messages to the people who work for them. It would be so much better if that money was spent in Africa - and it's about getting a balance.
Knowing your WHY is not the only way to be successful, but it is the only way to maintain a lasting success and have a greater blend of innovation and flexibility.
if it scares you, it might be a good thing to try
The big picture doesn't just come from distance; it also comes from time.
Social media is like crack—immediately gratifying and hugely addictive.
Strip malls are history.
A person who limits his or her potential success will limit what he or she will do to create it and keep it.
Leaders will work to create these environments when we train them how to prioritize their people over the results. And this is the true definition of what it means to lead. There is absolutely zero cost for a manager to take time to walk the halls and ask their people how they are doing . . . and actually care about the answers.
It is our job as modern-day storytellers to adjust to the realities of the marketplace, because it sure as hell isn’t going to slow down for us.
I believe you have to be willing to be misunderstood if you're going to innovate.
But no matter how inspiring a dream maybe, a dream that cannot come to life stays a dream.
The linchpin has figured out that we get only a certain number of brain cycles to spend each day. Spending even one on a situation out of our control has a significant opportunity cost.
Every single one of us is entitled to feel fulfilled by the work we do, to wake up feeling inspired to go to work, to feel safe when we’re there and to return home with a sense that we contributed to something larger than ourselves.
If you are hardworking and determined, you will make it and that’s the bottom line. I don’t believe in an easy way through.
If you want to have a happy, successful, fulfilling, confident life, you have to commit yourself to take care of the people around you.
The jet stream is a very strong force and pushing a balloon into it is like pushing up against a brick wall, but once we got into it, we found that, remarkably, the balloon went whatever speed the wind went.
Remember, ethical fading is about self-delusion. Anyone, regardless of their personal moral compass, can succumb to it.
Every time a seismic shift takes place in our economy, there are people who feel the vibrations long before the rest of us do, vibrations so strong they demand action—action that can seem rash, even stupid. Ferry owner Cornelius Vanderbilt jumped ship when he saw the railroads coming. Thomas Watson Jr., overwhelmed by his sense that computers would be everywhere even when they were nowhere, bet his father’s office-machine company on it: IBM. Jeffrey Preston Bezos had that same experience when he first peered into the maze of connected computers called the World Wide Web and realized that the future of retailing was glowing back at him.
When you innovate, you’ve got to be prepared for everyone telling you you’re nuts.
The business model should be such that the employees needed possess the lowest possible level of skill necessary to fulfill the functions for which each is intended.
Push to Completion Responsibility or accountability isn’t about starting a task or a project. It happens when we carry it to completion. For example, every now and then I ask someone to help me find something or get a hold of someone. A few days go by and I don’t hear back, so I follow up on my request. “I looked it up but couldn’t find anything” is the answer I get, or “I e-mailed him but haven’t gotten a reply back yet.” Those who are brilliant at pushing to completion do all the things the rest of us do to start a task and when they run into a roadblock, figure out all the other ways they can continue to make progress. They don’t simply repeat what they’ve done. When asked about their progress they don’t reply, “I’ll try to e-mail him again.” The really gifted Completers start thinking about what workarounds they can use if whatever they tried before isn’t working well enough or quickly enough. Even if they never end up having to use that next step, it’s already been considered. The gift of this practice is that the next time a similar challenge comes up, ideas are already generated, and new relationships already exist thanks to the way they handled things the previous time. This is what makes them so resourceful. It’s not how they solved one problem, it’s how prepared they are to solve the next problem.
When you've got 10,000 people trying to do the same thing, why would you want to be number 10,001?
The relentless pursuit of mass will make you boring, because mass means average, it means the center of the curve, it requires you to offend no one and satisfy everyone. It will lead to compromises and generalizations. Begin instead with the smallest viable market. What’s the minimum number of people you would need to influence to make it worth the effort?
Real Artists Ship
The goal of business should not be to do business with anyone who simply wants what you have. It should be to focus on the people who believe what you believe. When we are selective about doing business only with those who believe in our WHY, trust emerges.
Deadlines? Surely you know someone who is late all the time. Someone who can’t deliver anything of value unless they’ve stalled so much they’ve created an urgency, an emergency that requires mind-blowing effort and adrenaline to deliver. This is not efficient or reliable behavior, and yet they persist. The reason is simple: they can’t push through the common fear of completion unless they can create a greater fear of total failure.
The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there. People will follow.
I don't think Apple has to own a content business.
Never quit something with great long-term potential just because you can’t deal with the stress of the moment.” Now that’s good advice.
Great work is not created for everyone. If it were, it would be average work.
Look after people and people will look after you was his belief, and everything Walton and Wal-Mart did proved it.
What kind of business world are we living in?
Quiero que recibas la información más actualizada sobre cómo aprovechar al máximo las plataformas de internet para construir una marca personal fuerte y duradera.
He believed that if he looked after people, people would look after him.
Si haces coincidir los ocho elementos esenciales —propósito, autenticidad, pasión, paciencia, velocidad, ética laboral, capacidad de rastrear la atención del consumidor y de manejar las plataformas sociales, y contenido—,
Grant I have bad news. The networks don't want you to come pitch the show. Instead, they want to start shooting right away.” The first thing I thought of was the guy who had told me, “For every TV show that gets made, 300 are pitched.” The second thing I thought of was the person who told me that no one wanted to see a show on sales. (Stay focused on the future, be unreasonable about it, continue to add wood, and don't focus on what people say has been done, can be done, or is possible!)
Regardless of how superior your product, service, or proposition is, I assure you that there will be something you don't anticipate or correctly plan. Economic changes, legal matters, competition, resistance to converting, too new of a product, banks freezing up, market uncertainty, technology changes, people problems . . . more people problems, elections, war, strikes—these are just a few of the potential “unexpected events.
They’re building an asset that has nothing to do with brand and everything to do with their relationship with you.
Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works.
Regardless of WHAT we do in our lives, our WHY—our driving purpose, cause or belief—never changes.
Doug has hit a plateau. He’s not going to be challenged, pushed, or promoted to president. Doug, regardless of what he could actually accomplish, has stopped evolving—at least in the eyes of the people who matter.
If you're not gianing knowledge, connections, or money, you're wasting your time.
The newest area of the brain, our Homo sapien brain, is the neocortex, which corresponds with the WHAT level. The neocortex is responsible for rational and analytical thought and language.
past performance is no guarantee of future success.
the new form of marketing is leadership, and leadership is about building and connecting tribes of like-minded people.
If your goals set you apart from the crowd, stay alone.
I believe in a society where all people do well. Not just a handful of billionaires.
Being a billionaire is sort of passe.
Instead of wondering when you're next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life that you don't need to escape from.
Although success can describe an accomplished feat, people usually don't study success in terms of something they have done. They go at it with a mind toward something they are seeking to do. An interesting thing about success is that it's like a breath of air; although your last breath of air is important, it's not nearly as important as the next one. No
One out of every five page views in the United States is on Facebook.
People who love going to work are more productive and more creative. They go home happier and have happier families. They treat their colleagues and clients and customers better.
The habit of doing more than is necessary can only be earned through practice.
My favorite definition of love is giving someone the power to destroy us and trusting they won’t use it.
Expertise gives you enough insight to reinvent what everyone else assumes is the truth. Sure, it’s possible to randomly challenge the conventions of your field and luckily find a breakthrough. It’s far more likely, though, that you will design a great Web site or direct a powerful movie or lead a breakthrough product development if you understand the status quo better than anyone else. Beginner’s luck is dramatically overrated. Emotional
believe that giving up is the same thing as being realistic.
Simple: If you can’t make it through the Dip, don’t start.
It doesn’t hurt to ask Actually, it does hurt. It does hurt to ask the wrong way, to ask without preparation, to ask without permission. It hurts because you never get another chance to ask right.
To go fast, go alone. To go far, go together.
It is everlasting and must be relevant in both your personal and professional life. It is a statement of your value at work as much as it is the reason your friends love you. We don’t have a professional WHY and personal WHY. We are who we are wherever we are.
Scarcity, as we’ve seen, is the secret to value. If there wasn’t a Dip, there’d be no scarcity.
With the casino and the beds, our passengers will have at least two ways to get lucky on one of our flights.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty.
The linchpin feels the fear, acknowledges it, then proceeds. I can't tell you how to do this; I think the answer is different for everyone. What I can tell you is that in today's economy, doing it is a prerequisite for success.
It’s not the people doing the job, it’s the people who lead the people doing the job who can make the greater difference.
The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records.
--Gardens, not buildings--Great projects start out feeling like buildings. There are architects, materials, staff, rigid timelines, permits, engineers, a structure.It works or it doesn't.Build something that doesn't fall down. On time.But in fact, great projects, like great careers and relationships that last, are gardens. They are tended, they shift, they grow. They endure over time, gaining a personality and reflecting their environment. When something dies or fades away, we prune, replant and grow again.Perfection and polish aren't nearly as important as good light, good drainage and a passionate gardener.By all means, build. But don't finish. Don't walk away.Here we grow.
Marketing is the generous act of helping others become who they seek to become. It involves creating honest stories—stories that resonate and spread.
Most people have a very strong sense of organizational ownership, but I think what people have to own is an innovation agenda, and everything is shared in terms of the implementation.
Persistent, consistent, and frequent stories, delivered to an aligned audience, will earn attention, trust, and action.
WHAT: Every single company and organization on the planet knows WHAT they do. This is true no matter how big or small, no matter what industry. Everyone is easily able to describe the products or services a company sells or the job function they have within that system. WHATs are easy to identify. HOW: Some companies and people know HOW they do WHAT they do. Whether you call them a “differentiating value proposition,” “proprietary process” or “unique selling proposition,” HOWs are often given to explain how something is different or better. Not as obvious as WHATs, many think these are the differentiating or motivating factors in a decision. It would be false to assume that’s all that is required. There is one missing detail: WHY: Very few people or companies can clearly articulate WHY they do WHAT they do. When I say WHY, I don’t mean to make money—that’s a result. By WHY I mean what is your purpose, cause or belief? WHY does your company exist? WHY do you get out of bed every morning? And WHY should anyone care? When most organizations or people think, act or communicate they do so from the outside in, from WHAT to WHY. And for good reason—they go from clearest thing to the fuzziest thing. We say WHAT we do, we sometimes say HOW we do it, but we rarely say WHY we do WHAT we do. But not the inspired companies. Not the inspired leaders. Every single one of them, regardless of their size or their industry, thinks, acts and communicates from the inside out.
There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what you're good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.
As nice as it sounds to build a company like Barry-Wehmiller, the reality is it’s just not happening. And without those companies it is going to be harder for us to find a job in a company that truly does care about our well-being.
Por citar a mi madre: «Si tus amigos metieran la cabeza en el horno, ¿también la meterías tú?» Por desgracia, si a Michael Jordan o a Tiger Woods les pagaran por hacer exactamente eso, en realidad podría ponerse de moda.
Life's too short to hang out with people who aren't resourceful.
It’s like they are standing at the foot of a mountain looking at the effect they want to have or success they want to feel at the peak. There is nothing wrong with looking for a faster way to scale the mountain. If they want to take a helicopter or invent a climbing machine that gets them up there quicker, more power to them. What they seem to fail to notice, however, is the mountain.
Whether I am in control or not, I still elect to claim responsibility and control so that I can do something to improve my situation going forward.
The reason Steve Herrell’s shop did so well is that it was famous for having a line! People brought folks from out of town to have the experience.
Or, more accurately, spend all day trying to avoid making a mistake? These are very different things. Defect-free is what people are often in search of. Meeting spec. Blameless.
Through EdgeRank, Facebook weighs likes, comments, and shares, but it currently does not give greater weight to click-throughs or any other action that leads to sales.
People settle. They settle for less than they are capable of.
Those who lead are able to do so because those who follow trust that the decisions made at the top have the best interest of the group at heart. In turn, those who trust work hard because they feel like they are working for something bigger than themselves.
if we’re starting with the wrong questions, if we don’t understand the cause, then even the right answers will always steer us wrong . . .
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise. But when Governor Romney and his allies in Congress tell us we can somehow lower our deficit by spending trillions more on new tax breaks for the wealthy - well, you do the math. I refuse to go along with that. And as long as I'm President, I never will.
The vision is the public statement of the founder’s intent, WHY the company exists. It is literally the vision of a future that does not yet exist. The mission statement is a description of the route, the guiding principles—HOW the company intends to create that future. When both of those things are stated clearly, the WHY-type and the HOW-type are both certain about their roles in the partnership. Both are working together with clarity of purpose and a plan to get there. For it to work, however, it requires more than a set of skills, it requires trust. As
Una publicación de Facebook tendrá más impacto si es algo más que un texto recortado y pegado de tu blog o que un video de diez minutos que en realidad deberías estar impulsando en YouTube.
The best way to be missed when you're gone, Is to stand for something when you're here
What too many leaders of organizations fail to appreciate is that it’s not the people that are the problem. The people are fine. Rather, it’s the environment in which the people operate that is the problem. Get that right and things just go.
Construye tu marca y gana terreno en tu nicho antes de que necesites generar dinero, porque de esa manera, cuando estés listo para abandonar tu empleo actual, tu marca estará ahí para sostenerte y llevarte hasta tu siguiente oportunidad.
Think about it: What's the worst thing that can happen to you if you just totally go for it?
farmer will tell you that fertile land is much more important than better seeds.)
Investiga cuáles son las mejores plataformas para mostrar tu verdadero yo, tu oficio, tu gozo y tu amor por lo que haces.
1. Mistargeting by setting objectives that are too low and don't allow for enough correct motivation. 2. Severely underestimating what it will take in terms of actions, resources, money, and energy to accomplish the target. 3. Spending too much time competing and not enough time dominating their sector. 4. Underestimating the amount of adversity they will need to overcome in order to actually attain their desired goal.
When our name is on a project, our ego pushes us over the hump and drives us to do even better work.
it’s about being a driver of the market, not simply being market-driven.
The main thing is realizing that even if you feel terrible for a while, that’s not how you’re going to feel the whole time. . . . Things change if you just keep moving.
You cannot create a piece of art merely for money. Doing it as part of commerce so denudes art of wonder that it ceases to be art.
Human resources consultancy Mercer LLC reported that between fourth quarter 2010 and first quarter 2011, one in three employees seriously considered leaving their jobs, up 23 percent from five years prior. The problem was that less than 1.5 percent of employees actually voluntarily left. This is one of the issues with a bad working environment. Like a bad relationship, even if we don’t like it, we don’t leave. Maybe it’s the feeling of the devil-you-know-is-better-than-the-devil-you-don’t or maybe it’s something else, but people seem to feel stuck in unhealthy work environments.
As leaders, it is our sole responsibility to protect our people and, in turn, our people will protect each other and advance the organization together. As employees or members of the group, we need the courage to take care of each other when our leaders don’t. And in doing so, we become the leaders we wish we had.
The most important lesson I can share about brand marketing is this: you definitely, certainly, and surely don’t have enough time and money to build a brand for everyone. You can’t. Don’t try. Be specific. Be very specific.
Do extremely difficult work.That seems obvious, right? If you do something that's valued but scarce because it's difficult, you're more likely to be in demand and to be compensated fairly for what you do.The implication is stunning, though: When designing a project or developing a skill, seek out the most difficult parts to master and contribute. If it's easy, it's not for you.
Schools have figured this out. They need shortcuts in order to successfully process millions of students a year, and they’ve discovered that fear is a great shortcut on the way to teaching compliance.
I never get the accountants in before I start up a business. It's done on gut feeling, especially if I can see that they are taking the mickey out of the consumer.
The problem with meeting expectations is that it’s not remarkable.
I am going to enjoy some other things apart from business.
For values or guiding principles to be truly effective they have to be verbs. It’s not “integrity,” it’s “always do the right thing.” It’s not “innovation,” it’s “look at the problem from a different angle.” Articulating our values as verbs gives us a clear idea … we have a clear idea of how to act in any situation.
If we expect people to live the core values of an organization, we have to be able to tell them what those values look like in action.
Paciencia Resulta interesante que la pasión y la paciencia vayan de la mano.
The Dip is the difference between the easy “beginner” technique and the more useful “expert” approach in skiing or fashion design.
Your story is a symphony, not a note.
Short-term pain has more impact on most people than long-term benefits do, which is why it’s so important for you to amplify the long-term benefits of not quitting. You need to remind yourself of life at the other end of the Dip because it’s easier to overcome the pain of yet another unsuccessful cold call if the reality of a successful sales career is more concrete.
A fundamentalist is a person who considers whether a fact is acceptable to his religion before he explores it. As opposed to a curious person who explores first then considers whether or not he wants to accept the ramifications. A curious person embraces the tension between his religion and something new, wrestles with it and through it, and then decides whether to embrace the new idea or reject it.
In these times of the 'Great Recession', we shouldn't be trying to shift the benefits of wealth behind some curtain. We should be celebrating and encouraging people to make as much money as they can. Profits equal tax money. While some people might find it distasteful to pay taxes, I don't. I find it patriotic.
To be a superstar, you must do something exceptional. Not just survive the Dip, but use the Dip as an opportunity to create something so extraordinary that people can’t help but talk about it, recommend it, and, yes, choose it.
Man’s mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
It’s okay. Let your ego push you to be the initiator. But tell your ego that the best way to get something shipped is to let other people take the credit. The real win for you (and your ego) is seeing something get shipped, not in getting the credit when it does.
Companies that fail to communicate a sense of WHY force us to make decisions with only empirical evidence. This is why those decisions take more time, feel difficult or leave us uncertain.
Lidé nekupují to, co děláte, ale kupují, proč to děláte.
Tu confianza en ti mismo está por los suelos y te preocupa que la gente te diga que eres un perdedor si tomas la decisión equivocada, pero tienes que reponerte de eso ya. A mí me encanta cometer errores porque aprendo muchísimo.
We need to consider a financial transactions tax. And we need to ask whether the top marginal tax rates are really appropriate, given that the effective tax rates paid by the wealthy are often actually lower than those paid by the rest of us.
Culture = Values + Behavior
So here we are. We live in a world where we have the
A company shouldn't get addicted to being shiny, because shiny doesn't last.
Discomfort brings engagement and change. Discomfort means you're doing something that others were unlikely to do, because they're hiding out in the comfortable zone. When your uncomfortable actions lead to success, the organization rewards you and brings you back for more.
Today’s perfect right hooks always include three characteristics: They make the call to action simple and easy to understand. They are perfectly crafted for mobile, as well as all digital devices. They respect the nuances of the social network for which you are making the content. I’ll
Tearing others down is never as helpful to a movement as building your followers up.
Some companies out there quote a start of production that is substantially in advance of when customers get their cars.
Cámbialos y vuelve a intentarlo.
Winners understand that taking that pain now prevents a lot more pain later.
If there was a template for success in sports, everyone would follow it. You do the best you can and trust the people you trust.
In a weak culture, we veer away from doing “the right thing” in favor of doing “the thing that’s right for me.
The biggest secret of the Internet is that it is inherently a direct marketing medium. In fact, the Internet is the greatest direct marketing medium of all time.
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they'll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood, sweat, and tears.
La serotonina aumenta nuestra confianza en nosotros mismos, y nos inspira a ayudar a quienes trabajan para nosotros y a hacer que nuestros jefes se enorgullezcan de nosotros. La oxitocina alivia el estrés, aumenta el interés que sentimos por nuestro trabajo y aumenta nuestra capacidad cognitiva, haciéndonos más capaces de resolver problemas complejos. Refuerza nuestro sistema inmunológico, reduce la tensión arterial, aumenta nuestra libido y reduce nuestros deseos intensos y nuestras adicciones. Y, lo mejor de todo, nos inspira a trabajar juntos.
we can feel fulfilled by our work every day if it makes us feel part of something bigger than ourselves.
I've always defined myself not as a cartoonist, but as an entrepreneur. That was true before I tried cartooning. I always imagined cartooning would be how I got my seed capital. I always thought my other businesses would be the less dominant part of my life.
Great companies don't hire skilled people and motivate them, they hire already motivated people and inspire them.
I am not anti-university. I just think it doesn't make sense that most university professors haven't experienced earning millions a year, yet they're relied on to give advice about business.
Building and sustaining community is a never-ending part of doing business.
Infinite-minded leaders understand that “best” is not a permanent state. Instead, they strive to be “better.” “Better” suggests a journey of constant improvement and makes us feel like we are being invited to contribute our talents and energies to make progress in that journey.
Some in management positions operate as if they are in a tree of monkeys. They make sure that everyone at the top of the tree looking down sees only smiles. But all too often, those at the bottom looking up see only asses.
The obvious winners are the mid-sized and smaller companies looking to increase market share. These are the companies that have nothing to lose, but more important, they realize that they have a lot to gain by changing the rules of the game.
Everyone has a little voice inside of their head that's angry and afraid.
The most loyal Apple employees, like the most loyal Apple customers, all love a good revolution.
You do not equal the project. Criticism of the project is not criticism of you.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
But great companies give their people a purpose or challenge around which to develop ideas rather than simply instruct them to make a better mousetrap.
Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
The problem with competition is that it takes away the requirement to set your own path, to invent your own method, to find a new way.
They told you to get your résumé in order, to punch your ticket, to fit in, and to follow instructions. They told you to swallow your pride, not to follow your dream. They promised trinkets and prizes and possibly riches if you would just suck it up and be part of the system, if you would merely do what you were told and conform. They sold you debt and self-storage and reality TV shows. They sold your daughters and sons, too.All in exchange for what would happen later, when it was your turn. It’s your turn.
No one wakes up in the morning to go to work with the hope that someone will manage us. We wake up in the morning and go to work with the hope that someone will lead us.
¿Para construir algo que luego sea un legado?
Your most generous and insightful work needs help finding the people it’s meant to serve. And your most successful work will spread because you designed it to.
If most of your customers are grinding you on price, then your level of service is not obvious to them. Otherwise, they wouldn't grind you on just price because they would value the service you're giving them.
implications. Happiness comes from what we do. Fulfillment comes from why we do it.
All great programmers learn the same way. They poke the box. They code something and see what the computer does. They change it and see what the computer does. They repeat the process again and again until they figure out how the box works.
For many of us, the happiest future is one that's precisely like the past, except a little better
Addicted to the short-term results, business today has largely become a series of quick fixes added on one after another after another. The short-term tactics have become so sophisticated that an entire economy has developed to service the manipulations, equipped with statistics and quasi-science. Direct marketing companies, for example, offer calculations about which words will get the best results on each piece of direct mail they send out.
The quality of a brand’s storytelling is directly proportional to the quality of its content. If it’s not good, no one will pay attention. What
I have reviewed literally hundreds of dotcoms in my drive to bring Boomer Esiason Foundation onto the Internet, and have selected ClickThings as a partner because of the advanced technology it offers small business, and its understanding of the entrepreneurial spirit of the small business community.
When you learn to listen to your fear, you’ve found a compass that can show you what matters.
Mejor utiliza todas las plataformas posibles para documentar tu vida actual y para contar tu verdad. Permite que la gente se entere de quién eres, y luego deja que observe cómo te desarrollas y te conviertes en lo que deseas.
However, when those inside the bureaucracy work primarily to protect themselves, progress slows and the entire organization becomes more susceptible to external threats and pressures. Only when the Circle of Safety surrounds everyone in the organization, and not just a few people or a department or two, are the benefits fully realized. Weak leaders are the ones who only extend the benefits of the Circle of Safety to their fellow senior executives and a chosen few others. They look out for each other, but they do not offer the same considerations to those outside their “inner circle.” Without the protection of our leaders, everyone outside the inner circle is forced to work alone or in small tribes to protect and advance their own interests. And in so doing, silos form, politics entrench, mistakes are covered up instead of exposed, the spread of information slows and unease soon replaces any sense of cooperation and security.
Being rich is a good thing. Not just in the obvious sense of benefitting you and your family, but in the broader sense. Profits are not a zero sum game. The more you make, the more of a financial impact you can have.
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.
...treasure what it means to do a day's work. It's our one and only chance to do something productive today, and it's certainly not available to someone merely because he is the high bidder. A day's work is your chance to do art, to create a gift, to do something that matters. As your work gets better and your art becomes more important, competition for your gifts will increase and you'll discover that you can be choosier about whom you give them to.
¿Quién va a confiar en ti cuando se enteren de que estás dispuesto a engañar a los ignorantes?
Soon is not as good as now.
La documentación no es valiosa porque capture lo interesante o aburrido que eres ahora, sino porque te prepara para la manera en que la gente te verá a diez años de distancia.
I define anxiety as experiencing failure in advance.
Our WHY is our purpose, cause or belief—the driving force behind everything we do. Our HOWs are the actions we take when we are at our natural best to bring our WHY to life. Our WHATs are the tangible manifestation of our WHY, the actual work we do every day.
The word-of-mouth power in one interested person has unbelievable reach.
Everyone’s an ass until they’re a pioneer.
Well, we know that people in Australia love the idea of both Impulse and Virgin Blue getting up and adding a bit of competition, and it's fun to be able to deliver it.
Abundance destroys value.
There is no decision that we can make that doesn't come with some sort of balance or sacrifice.
You want to be a Billionaire. But your values system says you believe in sleep more than grinding!
I have always had an entrepreneurial spirit. When I was seven, I remember sticking a sign on my bedroom window that read, 'Manicures and massage, come on in.' My mother rushed in, saying, 'All these weirdos are knocking on the door.'
The only thing that makes people and organizations great is their willingness to be not great along the way. The desire to fail on the way to reaching a bigger goal is the untold secret of success.
If you’re not 100 percent happy with your life today, it is never a waste of time to try something that could get you there.
If the people are happy, united, wealthy, and powerful, we presume the rest. We conclude that to be good from whence good is derived.
the new thing is rarely as good as the old thing was. If you need the alternative to be better than the status quo from the very start, you'll never begin.
I think long term you can see Tesla establishing factories in Europe, in other parts of the U.S. and in Asia.
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.
The danger of manipulations is that they work.
Ese capítulo me confirmó que cuando nos presentamos en un lugar, le añadimos valor a la situación y nos interesamos legítimamente, más tarde podemos aprender a hacer dinero a partir de ese encuentro. Pero lo primero es presentarse y añadir valor; así fue como construí los últimos diez años de mi vida.
If your organization requires success before commitment, it will never have either. Part of leadership (a big part of it, actually) is the ability to stick with the dream for a long time. Long enough that the critics realize that you're going to get there one way or another...so they follow.
WHATs don't drive decisionmaking, WHATs should be used as proof of WHY, and the date plainly fell flat.
Put out quality content every day and engage around it. It
The librarian isn't a clerk who happens to work in a library. A librarian is a data hound, a guide, a sherpa and a teacher. The librarian is the interface between reams of data and the untrained but motivated user.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
Leaders who give their people a Just Cause to advance and give them an opportunity to work with a Trusting Team to advance it will build a culture in which their people can work toward the short-term goals while also considering the morality, ethics and wider impact of the decisions they make to meet those goals.
Traditional competition forces us to take on an attitude of winning. A Worthy Rival inspires us to take on an attitude of improvement. The former focuses our attention on the outcome, the latter focuses our attention on process. That simple shift in perspective immediately changes how we see our own businesses. It is the focus on process and constant improvement that helps reveal new skills and boosts resilience.
Abundance and scarcity In a society where value is created by the manufacture of goods or the allocation of limited resources, it’s not a surprise that organizations seek scarcity. We hesitate to share, because if I give you this, then I don’t have it any more. We erect barriers and create rules to make it difficult for some people to have access to these limited resources. While we don’t set out to become miserly, it’s an economic instinct, because what’s yours is no long mine. Even though we give lip service to sharing when kids show up for kindergarten classes, most of school is organized around the same ideas. We rank students, we cut players from the roster, we grade on a curve. Success, we teach, is scarce. Our new economy, though, is based on abundance, the abundance that comes from ideas and access. If I benefit when everyone knows my idea, then the more people I give the idea to, the better we all do. If I benefit when I earn a reputation leading, connecting and creating positive change, then I’ll benefit if I can offer these insights to anyone who can benefit from them. With an abundance mindset, we intentionally create goods that can be shared. It’s not based on our traditional factory-based economy, but it works now (in fact, it’s just about all that works)… engaging with the mesh, building communities that benefit from sharing resources instead of destroying them is a strategy that scales. With an abundance mindset, we create ideas and services that do better when people share.
industry the most trusted brand is also the most profitable.
work is better than vacation—and it is important to have a purpose to wake up each day.
Tomamos decisiones basadas en lo que creemos saber.
Today, working hard is about taking apparent risk. Not a crazy risk like betting the entire company on an untested product. No, an apparent risk: something that the competition (and your co-workers) believe is unsafe but that you realize is in fact far more conservative than sticking with the status quo. Richard Branson doesn’t work more hours than you do. Neither does Steve Ballmer or Carly Fiorina. Robyn Waters, the woman who revolutionized what Target sells—and helped the company trounce Kmart—probably worked fewer hours than you do in an average week. None of the people who are racking up amazing success stories and creating cool stuff are doing it just by working more hours than you are. And I hate to say it, but they’re not smarter than you either. They’re succeeding by doing hard work. As the economy plods along, many of us are choosing to take the easy way out. We’re going to work for the Man, letting him do all the hard work while we put in the long hours. We’re going back to the future, to a definition of work that embraces the grindstone. Some people (a precious few, so far) are
Rejection is a part of entrepreneurship; use it to fuel your innovation.
We don't want tradition. We want to live in the present and the only history that is worth a tinker's dam is the history we make today.
You can't win by being more average than average.
The easier it is to quantify, the less it’s worth.
set out to change the conditions in which their employees operate. To create cultures that inspire people to give all they have to give simply because they love where they work.
You get to keep making art as long as you are willing to make the choices that let you make your art.
The best marketers aren’t the best talkers… although many of them could charm the  pants right off you…they’re the best listeners. They know how to hear what prospects are really saying and what they’re not saying.
There are many ways to motivate people to do things, but loyalty comes from the ability to inspire people.
Generous and authentic leadership will always defeat the selfish efforts of someone doing it just because she can.
If you really want to dominate the competition and make big bucks, you’ve got to be the best. Do that, be that, and no one will be able to touch you. With one exception. Someone with less passion and talent and poorer content can totally beat you if they’re willing to work longer and harder than you are. Hustle is it.
adding a social layer to any platform immediately increases its effectiveness.
Frequency led to awareness, awareness to familiarity, and familiarity to trust. And trust, almost without exception, leads to profit.
Delivering unique creativity is hardest of all, because not only do you have to have insight, but you also need to be passionate enough to risk the rejection that delivering a solution can bring. You must ship.
Rebecca Baer, a spokeswoman for TiVo, told the New York Times in 2000, “they don’t understand why they need this.
Before you go out and occupy Wall Street, occupy your own brain!
If we believe trust, cooperation and innovation matter to the long-term prospects of our organizations, then we have only one choice—to learn how to play with an infinite mindset.
If you travel on an airline and they get you there safely, you don’t tell anyone. That’s what’s supposed to happen. What makes it remarkable is if it’s horrible beyond belief or if the service is so unexpected (they were an hour early! they comped my ticket because I was cute! they served flaming crêpes suzette in first class!) that you need to share it.
What chance does a five-foot-seven billionaire Jew who's divorced really have of becoming president?
It’s extremely hard to create a trending hashtag and bring people to you. It’s far better to listen, find out what’s trending, and bring yourself to the people.
You want your customers to value your service.
I don't want to be liked. I want to be respected.
We need original thinkers, provocateurs, and people who care. We need marketers who can lead, salespeople able to risk making a human connection, passionate change makers willing to be shunned if it is necessary for them to make a point. Every organization needs a linchpin, the one person who can bring it together and make a difference. Some organizations haven’t realized this yet, or haven’t articulated it, but we need artists.
This book is about love and art and change and fear. It’s about overcoming a multigenerational conspiracy designed to sap your creativity and restlessness. It’s about leading and making
The customer has always driven the business model.
Remarkable visions and genuine insights are always met with resistance. And when you start to make progress, your efforts are met with even more resistance. Products, services, career paths - whatever it is, the forces for mediocrity will align to stop you, forgiving no errors and never backing down until it's over. If it were any other way, it would be easy. And if it were any other way, everyone would do it and your work would ultimately be devalued. The yin and yang are clear: without people pushing against your quest to do something worth talking about, it's unlikely to be worth the journey. Persist.
In a competitive world, adversity is your ally. The harder it gets, the better chance you have of insulating yourself from the competition. If that adversity also causes you to quit, though, it’s all for nothing.
Companies that get confused, that think their goal is revenue or stock price or something. You have to focus on the things that lead to those.
Extraordinary benefits accrue to the tiny minority of people who are able to push just a tiny bit longer than most.
Los líderes de las mejores organizaciones no consideran a sus trabajadores un material que deben manipular para contribuir a ganar más dinero. Entienden que el dinero es el material que hay que gestionar para ayudar a su gente a crecer. Por eso el rendimiento es tan importante. Cuanto mejor funcione una empresa, más combustible habrá para construir una organización más grande y robusta, que alimente los corazones y las mentes de quienes trabajan en ella. A su vez, las personas dan todo lo que tienen para ver a su empresa crecer… y crecer… y crecer. Considerar
great marketing is all about telling your story in such a way that it compels people to buy what you are selling. That’s a constant. What’s always in flux, especially in this noisy, mobile world, is how, when, and where the story gets told, and even who gets to tell all of it.
The opportunity cost of investing your life in something that’s not going to get better is just too high.
There are “only two choices” in life: being criticized or “being ignored”.
Sheepwalking I define “sheepwalking” as the outcome of hiring people who have been raised to be obedient and giving them a brain-dead job and enough fear to keep them in line. You’ve probably encountered someone who is sheepwalking. The TSA “screener” who forces a mom to drink from a bottle of breast milk because any other action is not in the manual. A “customer service” rep who will happily reread a company policy six or seven times but never stop to actually consider what the policy means. A marketing executive who buys millions of dollars’ worth of TV time even though she knows it’s not working—she does it because her boss told her to. It’s ironic but not surprising that in our age of increased reliance on new ideas, rapid change, and innovation, sheepwalking is actually on the rise. That’s because we can no longer rely on machines to do the brain-dead stuff. We’ve mechanized what we could mechanize. What’s left is to cost-reduce the manual labor that must be done by a human. So we write manuals and race to the bottom in our search for the cheapest possible labor. And it’s not surprising that when we go to hire that labor, we search for people who have already been trained to be sheepish. Training a student to be sheepish is a lot easier than the alternative. Teaching to the test, ensuring compliant behavior, and using fear as a motivator are the easiest and fastest ways to get a kid through school. So why does it surprise us that we graduate so many sheep? And graduate school? Since the stakes are higher (opportunity cost, tuition, and the job market), students fall back on what they’ve been taught. To be sheep. Well-educated, of course, but compliant nonetheless. And many organizations go out of their way to hire people that color inside the lines, that demonstrate consistency and compliance. And then they give these people jobs where they are managed via fear. Which leads to sheepwalking. (“I might get fired!”) The fault doesn’t lie with the employee, at least not at first. And of course, the pain is often shouldered by both the employee and the customer. Is it less efficient to pursue the alternative? What happens when you build an organization like W. L. Gore and Associates (makers of Gore-Tex) or the Acumen Fund? At first, it seems crazy. There’s too much overhead, there are too many cats to herd, there is too little predictability, and there is way too much noise. Then, over and over, we see something happen. When you hire amazing people and give them freedom, they do amazing stuff. And the sheepwalkers and their bosses just watch and shake their heads, certain that this is just an exception, and that it is way too risky for their industry or their customer base. I was at a Google conference last month, and I spent some time in a room filled with (pretty newly minted) Google sales reps. I talked to a few of them for a while about the state of the industry. And it broke my heart to discover that they were sheepwalking. Just like the receptionist at a company I visited a week later. She acknowledged that the front office is very slow, and that she just sits there, reading romance novels and waiting. And she’s been doing it for two years. Just like the MBA student I met yesterday who is taking a job at a major packaged-goods company…because they offered her a great salary and promised her a well-known brand. She’s going to stay “for just ten years, then have a baby and leave and start my own gig.…” She’ll get really good at running coupons in the Sunday paper, but not particularly good at solving new problems. What a waste. Step one is to give the problem a name. Done. Step two is for anyone who sees themselves in this mirror to realize that you can always stop. You can always claim the career you deserve merely by refusing to walk down the same path as everyone else just because everyone else is already doing it.
How can you squander even one more day not taking advantage of the greatest shifts of our generation? How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable?”- Seth Godin, sethgodin.com
a WHY never changes. WHAT you do can change with the times, but WHY you do it never does.
The goal of business then should not be to simply sell to anyone who wants what you have—the majority—but rather to find people who believe what you believe, the left side of the bell curve. They perceive greater value in what you do and will happily pay a premium or suffer some sort of inconvenience to be a part of your cause.
Instead of asking, “WHAT should we do to compete?” the questions must be asked, “WHY did we start doing WHAT we’re doing in the first place, and WHAT can we do to bring our cause to life considering all the technologies and market opportunities available today?
An infinite mindset embraces abundance whereas a finite mindset operates with a scarcity mentality.
If you want to be a superstar, then you need to find a field with a steep Dip—a barrier between those who try and those who succeed.
If you seek to become indispensable, a similar question is worth asking: “Where do you put the fear?” What separates a linchpin from an ordinary person is the answer to this question.
Content is king, but context is God.
Because, you know, resilience - if you think of it in terms of the Gold Rush, then you'd be pretty depressed right now because the last nugget of gold would be gone. But the good thing is, with innovation, there isn't a last nugget. Every new thing creates two new questions and two new opportunities.
There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth.   Not going all the way, and not starting.”   Siddhrtha Gautama
There are only two ways to influence human behavior: you can manipulate it or you can inspire it.
A wise man once said, “Money can’t buy happiness, but it pays for the yacht to pull alongside it.
Extraordinary benefits also accrue to the tiny majority with the guts to quit early and refocus their efforts on something new.
Then a deadline arrives and you have to cut it short. Is shipping that important? I think it is. I think the discipline of shipping is essential in the long-term path to becoming indispensable.
One way to become creative is to discipline yourself to generate bad ideas. The worse the better. Do it a lot and magically you’ll discover that some good ones slip through.
Right now I'm just delighted to be alive and to have had a nice long bath.
They want the way it will make them feel.
1. Your business needs more linchpins. It’s scary to rely on a particular employee, but in a postindustrial economy, you have no choice. 2. You are capable of becoming a linchpin. And if you do, you’ll discover that it’s worth the effort.
Extremely successful people know that their efforts must continue in order for them to realize new achievements. Once the hunt for a desired object or goal is abandoned, the cycle of success comes to an end. Someone
Passion is an unmatched fuel. Add being happy to that and you have a wonderful formula for good health.
We turn away business because those potential clients don’t believe what we believe and they are not interested in anything to do with inspiring people. With a clear sense of WHY, a debate to take on a bad-fit client turns into a discussion of whether the imbalance is worth the short-term gain they may give us.
success is not something that happens to you; it's something that happens because of you and because of the actions you take. People who refuse to take responsibility generally
In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is failing. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible.
Whether you’ve found your calling, or if you’re still searching, passion should be the fire that drives your life’s work.
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
skills are cheap, passion is priceless.
a small group of inspired and engaged employees can have a positive impact on the entire organization.
To be a billionaire, you have got to get lucky.
la mayoría de las empresas no tienen ni la más remota idea de por qué sus clientes son sus clientes.
Art has no right answer. The best we can hope for is an interesting answer.
Don’t aim for perfection, aim for success.
My daughter merely gave me another reason to create success—not an excuse to avoid working more. She is sheer motivation for me to do well because now I'm doing it for her as well as for myself. You cannot blame your family for keeping you from creating the success you deserve. They should be the reason why you want to succeed!
When you seek to share your best work—your best story, your shot at change—it helps if it’s likely to spread. It helps if it’s permanent. But even if it’s extraordinary, it’s not going to make a difference if you drop it in the ocean. That doesn’t mean you give up hope. It means you walk away from the ocean and look for a large swimming pool.
Don't quit. Never give up trying to build the world you can see, even if others can't see it. Listen to your drum and your drum only. It's the one that makes the sweetest sound.
Think for a second about the people you know who are engaged, satisfied, eager to get to work. Most of them, I'll bet, make change.
Sixty minutes a day spent on thinking, developing strategies, and keeping a pulse on my team. EMOTIONAL WELL-BEING: Thirty minutes a day spent on a morning ritual that includes visualization, Attitude of Gratitude meditation, and deep breathing exercises. FINANCIAL WELL-BEING: Thirty minutes a day looking at financials and investments and reviewing numbers. GROWTH: Sixty minutes a day learning. This includes reading, consulting with experts, and meeting with other founders and CEOs. PHYSICAL WELL-BEING: Sixty minutes a day of physical exercise, three times a week.
A very good senior programmer (who might get paid $200,000) gets paid about the same as a great programmer, who delivers $5 million worth of value for the same price. That’s enough of a difference to build an entire company’s profit around. Do it with ten programmers and you’re rich.
In fact, stories only magnify the need to have something remarkable (and honest) to say.
Nobody wanted to believe Jack Ma.
People followed him not because of his idea of a changed America. People followed him because of their idea of a changed America. The part of the brain that influences our behavior and decisions does not have the capacity for language. We have trouble saying clearly, in emotional terms, why we do what we do, and offer rationalizations that, though valid and true, are not powerful enough to inspire others.
burn the place down. Don't rest, and don't stop—ever.
Anybody who is an entrepreneur is a person who essentially has impaired judgment. The odds of success are zilch.
vas a tener que asegurarte de actualizar constantemente tus conocimientos y ofrecer información y reflexiones que la gente no encuentre con facilidad en otros sitios.
The penalty for procrastination is the loss of hopes and dreams.
The mass market is dying. There is no longer one best song or one best kind of coffee. Now there are a million micromarkets, but each micromarket still has a best.
Turning you Passion into your Job is easier than finding a Job that matches your passion
Like so many before it, the company confused innovation with novelty.
Integrity is not about being honest when we agree with each other; it is also about being honest when we disagree or, even more important, when we make mistakes or missteps.
the stupid thing to do is to start, give it your best shot, waste a lot of time and money, and quit right in the middle of the Dip.
Everyone will think it's stupid!""Everyone says it's impossible."Guess what? Everyone works in the balloon factory and everyone is wrong.
The challenge, it turns out, isn’t in perfecting your ability to know when to start and when to stand by. The challenge is getting into the habit of
Some people are gift givers by nature. They love their tribe, or they respect their art, and so they give. Not for an ulterior motive, but because it gives them joy.
Waiting isn’t easy, which is precisely why it is so effective when engaging with other people.
When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.
Cultures are groups of people who come together around a common set of values and beliefs. When we share values and beliefs with others, we form trust. Trust of others allows us to rely on others to help protect our children and ensure our personal survival.
Live your passion. What does that mean, anyway? It means that when you get up for work every morning, every single morning, you are pumped because you get to talk about or work with or do the thing that interests you the most in the world. You don’t live for vacations because you don’t need a break from what you’re doing—working, playing, and relaxing are one and the same. You don’t even pay attention to how many hours you’re working because to you, it’s not really work. You’re making money, but you’d do whatever it is you’re doing for free.
Gym memberships tend to rise about 12 percent every January, as people try to fulfill their New Year’s aspiration to live a healthier life. Yet only a fraction of those aspiring fitness buffs are still attending the gym by the end of the year.
Stop focusing on dumb shit. Don’t be afraid to break things. Don’t be romantic. Don’t take the time to breathe. Don’t aim for perfect. And whatever you do, keep moving. Reread this a few times . . .
These technologies can make life easier, can let us touch people we might not otherwise. You may have a child with a birth defect and be able to get in touch with other parents and support groups, get medical information, the latest experimental drugs. These things can profoundly influence life. I'm not downplaying that.
Conventional wisdom is that you should find a job that matches your passion. I think this is backwards.
Instead of being scientists, the best marketers are artists.
This is the reason we are so offended by the exorbitant and disproportionate compensations of some of the leaders of investment banks. It has nothing to do with the numbers. It has to do with this social contract deeply ingrained in what it means to be human. If our leaders are to enjoy the trappings of their position in the hierarchy, then we expect them to offer us protection. The problem is, for many of the overpaid leaders, we know that they took the money and perks and didn’t offer protection to their people. In some cases, they even sacrificed their people to protect or boost their own interests. This is what so viscerally offends us. We accuse them of greed and excess only when we feel they have violated the very definition of what it means to be a leader.
Being reactionary means that you’re always thinking about the meaning behind cultural change.
When I looked closer, I’d see that they were still playing golf or tweeting about the previous night’s Walking Dead episode. Let me make this as clear as I can: When you first start out, there is no time for leisure—if you want to crush it. There is no time for YouTube
It is not the demands of the job that cause the most stress, but the degree of control workers feel they have throughout their day. The studies also found that the effort required by a job is not in itself stressful, but rather the imbalance between the effort we give and the reward we feel. Put simply: less control, more stress.
Don't be confused by what looks like luck to you. Lucky people don't make successful people; people who completely commit themselves to success seem to get lucky in life.
People have been indoctrinated so completely by their jobs that they don’t want to know how something works, they’re willing to accept that perhaps the laws of nature don’t work as they expect, and by the way, can I have the remote?
Cause Blindness is when we become so wrapped up in our Cause or so wrapped up in the “wrongness” of the other player’s Cause, that we fail to recognize their strengths or our weaknesses.
Any company that gets so complacent it thinks everything is “fine” deserves to go out of business—it literally means its leaders have stopped caring. A competitive company is always on the offense. Always. Always. Always.
The problem is that most schools don’t like great teachers. They’re organized to stamp them out, bore them, bureaucratize them, and make them average.
Our strength will come not from the sharpness of our spears, but from our willingness to offer others the protection of our shields.
Thomas Hawk is the most successful digital photographer in the world. He has taken tens of thousands of pictures, on his way to his goal of taking a million in his lifetime. The
Leadership is not a license to do less; it is a responsibility to do more.
You have to be careful what you think you know.
If the leader of the organization can’t clearly articulate WHY the organization exists in terms beyond its products or services, then how does he expect the employees to know WHY to come to work?
Cuando llenas una organización con gente que encaja bien, con aquellos que creen en lo que crees tú, el éxito llega sin más.
There are fewer and fewer good jobs where you can get paid merely for showing up. Instead, successful organizations are paying for people who make a difference and are shedding everyone else. Just
The vision is the public statement of the founder’s intent, WHY the company exists. It is literally the vision of a future that does not yet exist. The mission statement is a description of the route, the guiding principles—HOW the company intends to create that future. When both of those things are stated clearly, the WHY-type and the HOW-type are both certain about their roles in the partnership.
In physics, the definition of power is the transfer of energy. We measure the power of a lightbulb in watts. The higher the wattage, the more electricity is transferred into light and heat and the more powerful the bulb. Organizations and their leaders operate exactly the same way. The more energy is transferred from the top of the organization to those who are actually doing the job, those who know more about what’s going on on a daily basis, the more powerful the organization and the more powerful the leader.
Now consider what a company is. A company is a culture. A group of people brought together around a common set of values and beliefs. It’s not products or services that bind a company together. It’s not size and might that make a company strong, it’s the culture—the strong sense of beliefs and values that everyone, from the CEO to the receptionist, all share. So the logic follows, the goal is not to hire people who simply have a skill set you need, the goal is to hire people who believe what you believe.
People have come to the erroneous conclusion that if they’re not willing to start something separate, world-changing, and risky, they have no business starting anything. Somehow, we’ve fooled ourselves into believing that the project has to have a name, a building, and a stock ticker symbol to matter.
Vale la pena repetirlo: la gente no compra el QUÉ; compran el PORQUÉ.
There are two ways a linchpin can use 'no.' The first is to never use it. There's a certain sort of indispensable team member who always finds a yes. She always manages to find a way to make things happen, and she does it. It's done. Yes. Those people are priceless. Amazingly, there's a second kind of linchpin. This persona says 'no' all the time. She says no because she has goals, because she's a practical visionary, because she understands priorities. She says no because she has the strength to disappoint you now in order to delight you later. When used with good intent, this negative linchpin is also priceless. She is so focused on her art that she knows that a no now is a worthy investment for the magic that will be delivered later.
If you can bring someone belonging, connection, peace of mind, status, or one of the other most desired emotions, you’ve done something worthwhile. The thing you sell is simply a road to achieve those emotions, and we let everyone down when we focus on the tactics, not the outcomes.
In France, President Francois Hollande is leveraging the next wave of the Internet to jumpstart economic reforms and create jobs for hundreds of thousands of citizens. A historically socialist government, France has had the courage to quickly implement unique partnerships with the business community to drive entrepreneurial spirit and thinking.
The killer: our anxiety not only makes us miserable, but ruins the interaction. People smell it on you. They react to it. They’re less likely to hire you or buy from you or have fun at your party. The very thing you are afraid of occurs, precisely because you are afraid of it, which of course makes the shenpa cycle even worse. Shenpa is caused by a conflict between the lizard brain (which wants to strike out or to flee) and the rest of our brain, which desires achievement, connection, and grace. Oscillating between the two merely makes things worse. It seems that you have two choices for ending the cycle: you can flee or you can stay.
Every decision I make is, 'How is this helping me become a billionaire?'
For the feeling of trust to develop, we have to feel safe expressing ourselves first. We have to feel safe being vulnerable. That’s right, vulnerable.
The essential thing to know about the Dip is that it’s there. Knowing that you’re facing a Dip is the first step in getting through it.
Marketing is one of our greatest callings. It’s the work of positive change.
A limited offer has unlimited appeal.
I don't want people in China to have deep pockets but shallow minds.
If you can’t fail, it doesn’t count.
Life is fragile. We're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got.
Here’s another way to describe the two axes: One asks, Can you see it? The other wonders, Do you care?
Great companies don’t hire skilled people and motivate them, they hire already motivated people and inspire them. People are either motivated or they are not. Unless you give motivated people something to believe in, something bigger than their job to work toward, they will motivate themselves to find a new job and you’ll be stuck with whoever’s left.
The one path that never works is the most common one: doing nothing at all.
It’s not “integrity,” it’s “always do the right thing.
Your story isn’t powerful enough if all it does is lead the horse to water; it has to inspire the horse to drink, too. On social media, the only story that can achieve that goal is one told with native content.
Strategic quitting is the secret of successful organizations
If you can get through the Dip, if you can keep going when the system is expecting you to stop, you will achieve extraordinary results. People who make it through the Dip are scarce indeed, so they generate more value.
Most of the answers we get, when based on sound evidence, are perfectly valid. However, if we’re starting with the wrong questions, if we don’t understand the cause, then even the right answers will always steer us wrong . . . eventually. The truth, you see, is always revealed . . . eventually.
The goal has to be more valuable than the risk—or you have determined the wrong target. So
Never be romantic about how you make your money.           Try
To the men and women I’ve met in the United States Air Force— You have taught me more about what it means to be human than anyone who wears a suit ever did.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
Change almost never fails because it's too early. It almost always fails because it's too late.
Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient. The medium doesn’t matter. The intent does. Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
If Alibaba cannot become a Microsoft or Wal-Mart, I will regret it for the rest of my life.
I hate politics. It's slimy. Any job where people pander for votes, I don't like. The country has gotten so partisan that if you're not on my side, you're the enemy. The only thing I ever try to support is a third party, like Unity08. We need more parties and more choice.
Regardless of WHAT we do in our lives, our WHY—our driving purpose, cause or belief—never changes. If our Golden Circle is in balance, WHAT we do is simply the tangible way we find to breathe life into that cause.
students today are educated collecting dots. Almost none of it spent teachingthem the skills necessary to connect dots. The magic of connecting dots is that once you learn the techniques, the dots can change but you’ll still be good at connecting them.
If certain conditions are met and the people inside an organization feel safe among each other, they will work together to achieve things none of them could have ever achieved alone. The result is that their organization towers over their competitors.
We’re all obsessed with ideas because ideas, not products, are the engine of our new economy.
However, if we’re starting with the wrong questions, if we don’t understand the cause, then even the right answers will always steer us wrong . . . eventually. The truth, you see, is always revealed . . . eventually.
The ability of a group of people to do remarkable things hinges on how well those people can pull together as a team.
I wasn't born a natural entrepreneur. I had to be trained.
Its never too late ...to start heading in the right direction.
A strategy of caring usually out-shines tactics, but when they’re used with the right intent, tactics can help a brand achieve greatness.
You only learn from mistakes, that's the law of nature, but there is no rule that they have to be yours
Organizations that can bring humanity and flexibility to their interactions with other human beings will thrive. Why
I like to play cards. I'm not very good, because I don't want to calculate, I just play by instinct. But I've learned a lot of business philosophy by playing poker.
I'm an entrepreneur. This is my life. This my career. This the way I eat.
A woodpecker can tap twenty times on a thousand trees and get nowhere, but stay busy. Or he can tap twenty-thousand times on one tree and get dinner.
A star wants to see himself rise to the top.A leader wants to see those around him rise to the top.
Live the present intensely and fully, do not let the past be a burden, and let the future be an incentive. Each person forges his or her own destiny.
There are very powerful and wealthy special interests who want to privatize or dismember virtually every function that government now performs, whether it is Social Security, Medicare, public education or the Postal Service.
And most of all, it teaches people in the organization that it’s okay not to be the best in the world.
What I'm trying to do is get this message out about self-empowerment, entrepreneurial spirit and true Americanism - the way we were when we changed the world, when Edison was alone, failing his 2,000th time on the lightbulb.
It all starts with a dream.
What makes a good leader is that they eschew the spotlight in favor of spending time and energy to do what they need to do to support and protect their people.
Eye contact, all by itself, is enough to throw your lizard brain into a tizzy. Imagine how scary it must be to set out to do something that will get you noticed, or perhaps even criticized.
Universities no longer spend as much time bragging about the size of their libraries. The
School does a great job of teaching students to do what we set out to teach them. It works. The problem is that what we’re teaching is the wrong stuff. Here
When we work on a Trusting Team we feel safe to express vulnerability. We feel safe to raise our hands and admit we made a mistake, be honest about shortfalls in performance, take responsibility for our behavior and ask for help. Asking for help is an example of an act that reveals vulnerability.
One of the primary jobs of any leader is to make new leaders. To help grow the kind of leaders who know how to build organizations equipped for the Infinite Game.
Leadership takes work. It takes time and energy. The effects are not always easily measured and they are not always immediate. Leadership is always a commitment to human beings.
Leadership almost always involves thinking and acting like the underdog. That's because leaders work to change things, and the people who are winning rarely do.
The leaders of great organizations do not see people as a commodity to be managed to help grow the money. They see the money as the commodity to be managed to help grow their people. This
Yo llegué adonde estoy porque rompí la primera regla del capitalismo, y es que a mí jamás me ha importado el dinero. Lo que sí me importa muchísimo, a un punto casi obsesivo, es mi legado.
If everyone tries to lead all the time, not much happens.
The next time you catch yourself being average when you feel like quitting, realize that you have only two good choices: Quit or be exceptional. Average is for losers.
Everything about being a leader is like being a parent. It is about committing to the well-being of those in our care and having a willingness to make sacrifices to see their interests advanced so that they may carry our banner long after we are gone.
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
THE RIGHT INFORMATION BRINGS KNOWLEDGE. AND KNOWLEDGE IS POWER. SHARING IT IS EMPOWERMENT.
Social media is a great tool for putting out fires, but it’s an even better tool for building brand equity and relationships with your customers. Once you stop thinking about it as a tool for shutting customers up, and rather as a tool for encouraging customers to speak up, and for you to speak to them, a whole world of branding and marketing opportunities will unfold.
If Marines told to obey their officer suspect for a second that the officer would avoid the truth or not take responsibility for their actions, simply to cover their own tail or make themselves look better, then the Circle of Safety shrinks and the entire fabric and efficacy of the group of Marines decays. The Marines are as good as they are not simply because they are big, strong and fearless. They are also good at what they do because they trust each other and believe, without a doubt, that the Marine to the left of them and the Marine to the right of them, regardless of rank, will do what needs to be done. This is the reason Marines are so effective as a group.
unless you’re an astronaut, it’s not the work we do that inspires us either. It’s the cause we come to work for. We don’t want to come to work to build a wall, we want to come to work to build a cathedral.
Your story isn’t powerful enough if all it does is lead the horse to water; it has to inspire the horse to drink, too. On social media, the only story that can achieve that goal is one told with native content. Native content amps up your story’s power. It is crafted to mimic everything that makes a platform attractive and valuable to a consumer—the aesthetics, the design, and the tone. It also offers the same value as the other content that people come to the platform to consume. Email marketing was a form of native content. It worked well during the 1990s because people were already on email; if you told your story natively and provided consumers with something they valued on that platform, you got their attention. And if you jabbed enough to put them in a purchasing mind-set, you converted. The rules are the same now that people spend their time on social media. It can’t tell you what story to tell, but it can inform you how your consumer wants to hear it, when he wants to hear it, and what will most make him want to buy from you. For example, supermarkets or fast-casual restaurants know from radio data that one of the ideal times to run an ad on the radio is around 5:00 P.M., when moms are picking up the kids and deciding what to make for dinner, and even whether they have the energy to cook. Social gives you the same kind of insight. Maybe the data tells you that you should post on Facebook early in the morning before people settle
When we feel safe among the people with whom we work, the more likely we are to survive and thrive. That’s just the way it is.
The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there.People will follow.
The Cult of Done Bre Pettis wrote this manifesto on his blog: 1. There are three states of being. Not knowing, action and completion. 2. Accept that everything is a draft. It helps to get it done. 3. There is no editing stage. 4. Pretending you know what you’re doing is almost the same as knowing what you are doing, so accept that you know what you’re doing even if you don’t and do it. 5. Banish procrastination. If you wait more than a week to get an idea done, abandon it. 6. The point of being done is not to finish but to get other things done. 7. Once you’re done you can throw it away. 8. Laugh at perfection. It’s boring and keeps you from being done. 9. People without dirty hands are wrong. Doing something makes you right. 10. Failure counts as done. So do mistakes. 11. Destruction is a variant of done. 12. If you have an idea and publish it on the Internet, that counts as a ghost of done. 13. Done is the engine of more.
Ten times as much polishing is definitely not ten times as good. Whether you’re polishing a piece of furniture or an idea, the benefits diminish quickly. The polishing turns into stalling.
Everything gets easier when you walk away from the hubris of everyone. Your work is not for everyone. It’s only for those who signed up for the journey.
The ability to win hearts before minds is not easy. It’s a delicate balance of art and science—another coincidental grammatical construction.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Art is original. Marcel Duchamp was an artist when he pioneered Dadaism and installed a urinal in a museum.The second person to install a urinal wasn't an artist, he was a plumber.
The world doesn't owe you shit
I've actually not read any books on time management.
Don’t forget, the superior Betamax technology did not beat out the substandard VHS technology as the standard format for videotape in the 1980s.
You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user.
When you compete against everyone else, no one wants to help you. But when you compete against yourself, everyone wants to help you.
Your business isn’t that much different from a human body. It will run on sugar and caffeine. It will run even better if you give it water, vegetables, and a workout. But it won’t last five minutes without oxygen.
If you can bring someone belonging, connection, peace of mind, status, or one of the other most desired emotions, you’ve done something worthwhile. The thing you sell is simply a road to achieve those emotions, and we let everyone down when we focus on the tactics, not the outcomes. Who’s it for and what’s it for are the two questions that guide all of our decisions.
The first thing a leader can focus on is the act of tightening the tribe. It’s tempting to make the tribe bigger, to get more members, to spread the word. This pales, however, when juxtaposed with the effects of a tighter tribe. A tribe that communicates more quickly, with alacrity and emotion, is a tribe that thrives.
Great teachers are wonderful. They change lives. We need them. The problem is that most schools don’t like great teachers. They’re organized to stamp them out, bore them, bureaucratize them, and make them average. Why
Going out of your way to find uncomfortable situations isn’t natural, but it’s essential.
It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.
Just as no one needs a drill bit, no one needs a real estate broker. What they need and want is how it makes them feel to get what a broker can get them.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
If
If you are deliberately trying to create a future that feels safe, you will willfully ignore the future that is likely.
The job isn’t to catch up to the status quo; the job is to invent the status quo.
Service to the change they seek to make. Willing to tell a story that resonates with a group that they care enough to serve. There could be an overlap. It’s possible that it’s the way you feel right this minute, but it might not be. The version of you on offer might run many layers deep, but it can’t possibly be all of you, all the time.
I don't care about revenues.
A brilliant author or businesswoman or senator or software engineer is brilliant only in tiny bursts. The rest of the time, they’re doing work that most any trained person could do.
Being cool has nothing to do with age; it has to do with how solid your identity is.
The one thing that offends me the most is when I walk by a bank and see ads trying to convince people to take out second mortgages on their home so they can go on vacation. That's approaching evil.
strategy is empty without change, empty without passion, and empty without people willing to confront the void.
You cannot change your destination overnight. You can change your direction.
If you want to drive a rolls-royce, then stop taking advice from Toyota drivers.
What Ben teaches us is special. When you compete against everyone else, no one wants to help you. But when you compete against yourself, everyone wants to help you.
What if the only thing standing in the way of your greatness was that you just had to go after everything obsessively, persistently, and as though your life depended on it?
I think that our fundamental belief is that for us growth is a way of life and we have to grow at all times.
I charge my wealthy clients a lot and put 10 per cent in a fund which I use to pay the expenses of my poorer clients. When the government gangs up on the poor schnook in the street, someone has to stand up for him.
To ask, “What’s best for me” is finite thinking. To ask, “What’s best for us” is infinite thinking.
Snapchat is a gold mine of opportunity for any team that wants to create real relationships and build loyalty with its young fans.
Le haces la misma pregunta: «¿Le gusta su trabajo?» Levanta la vista y responde: «Me encanta mi trabajo. Estoy construyendo una catedral. Por supuesto, llevo trabajando en este muro más tiempo del que soy capaz de recordar, y sí, a veces el trabajo resulta monótono. Trabajo bajo un sol abrasador todo el día. Las piedras pesan mucho, y levantarlas un día tras otro puede ser agotador. Ni siquiera estoy seguro de que esta obra vaya a terminarse en lo que me queda de vida. Pero estoy construyendo una catedral».
Every entrepreneur doesn't need to be technical - there are plenty of opportunities out there for people who aren't coders.
Reality is the best reassurance of all.
but
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
We have to put bounds around our rationality. You can not research everything before you act
Leaders are the ones willing to look out for those to the left of them and those to the right of them. They are often willing to sacrifice their own comfort for ours, even when they disagree with us. Trust is not simply a matter of shared opinions. Trust is a biological reaction to the belief that someone has our well-being at heart. Leaders are the ones who are willing to give up something of their own for us. Their time, their energy, their money, maybe even the food off their plate. When
The problem was, they advertised their product as a “5GB mp3 player.” It is exactly the same message as Apple’s “1,000 songs in your pocket.” The difference is Creative told us WHAT their product was and Apple told us WHY we needed it.
The industrialist (your boss, perhaps) demands that everything be proven, efficient, and risk free. The artist seeks none of these. The value of art is in your willingness to stare down the risk and to embrace the void of possible failure.
Finding WHY is a process of discovery, not invention.
What the Wright brothers’ team had that Langley did wasn’t luck. It was inspiration. One was motivated by the prospect of fame and wealth, the other by a belief. The Wright brothers excited the human spirit of those around them. Langley paid for talent to help him get rich and famous. The Wright brothers started with WHY.
What They Should Teach in School Only two things: 1. Solve interesting problems 2. Lead SOLVE
After September 11, there were customers who sent checks to Southwest Airlines to show their support. One note that accompanied a check for $1,000 read, “You’ve been so good to me over the years, in these hard times I wanted to say thank you by helping you out.” The checks that Southwest Airlines received were certainly not enough to make any significant impact on the company’s bottom line, but they were symbolic of the feeling customers had for the brand. They had a sense of partnership. The loyal behavior of those who didn’t send money is almost impossible to measure, but its impact has been invaluable over the long term, helping Southwest to maintain its position as the most profitable airline in history.
Money is not a motivating factor. Money doesn't thrill me or make me play better because there are benefits to being wealthy. I'm just happy with a ball at my feet. My motivation comes from playing the game I love. If I wasn't paid to be a professional footballer I would willingly play for nothing.
siempre, siempre escribe lo que dices, lo que ofreces, lo que propones, lo que prometes y lo que sugieres. Cada vez que estés a punto de cerrar un trato, insiste en ponerlo por escrito.
The Internet is as powerful as oxygen, but we have not seen its full capabilities. It’s got a long way to go, and it’s going to morph and change and reveal all kinds of surprises. You’ve got to be prepared to evolve and adapt along with it. Whatever
Those with an ability to never lose sight of WHY, no matter how little or how much they achieve, can inspire us. Those with the ability to never lose sight of WHY and also achieve the milestones that keep everyone focused in the right direction are the great leaders.
We’d like to believe that efficient, useful, cost-effective products and services are the way to succeed. That hard work is its own reward. Most marketers carry around a worldview that describes themselves as innovators, not storytellers.
Are you overinvesting (really significantly overinvesting) time and money so that you have a much greater chance of dominating a market? And if you don’t have enough time and money, do you have the guts to pick a different, smaller market to conquer?
When faced with a result that doesn’t go according to plan, a series of perfectly effective short-term tactics
Your ability to do well in life depends on your ability to sell others on the things in which you believe!
When you start with WHY, those who believe what you believe are drawn to you for very personal reasons. It is those who share your values and beliefs, not the quality of your products, that will cause the system to tip.
An individual artist needs only a thousand true fans in her tribe. It's enough.
Whether you are a low-income elderly woman living at the end of a dirt road in Vermont or a wealthy CEO living on Park Avenue, you get your mail six days a week. And you pay for this service at a cost far less than anywhere else in the industrialized world.
4: Stories let us lie to ourselves. And those lies satisfy our desires.
We need original thinkers, provocateurs, and people who care. We need marketers who can lead, salespeople able to risk making a human connection, passionate change makers willing to be shunned if it is necessary for them to make a point. Every organization needs a linchpin, the one person who can bring it together and make a difference.
The only purpose of starting is to finish, and while the projects we do are never really finished, they must ship. Shipping means hitting the publish button on your blog, showing a presentation to the sales team, answering the phone, selling the muffins, sending out your references. Shipping is the collision between your work and the outside world.
If you need to conceal your true nature to get in the door, understand that you'll probably have to conceal your true nature to keep that job.
When people know WHY you do WHAT you do, they are willing to give you credit for everything that could serve as proof of WHY.
By creating a Circle of Safety around the people in the organization, leadership reduces the threats people feel inside the group, which frees them up to focus more time and energy to protect the organization from the constant dangers outside and seize the big opportunities. Without a Circle of Safety, people are forced to spend too much time and energy protecting themselves from each other.
Infinite-minded leaders actively seek out employees, customers and investors who share a passion for the Just Cause. For employees, this is what we mean when we say, “Hire for culture and you can always teach the skills later.
People settle. They settle for less than they are capable of. Organizations settle too. For good enough instead of best in the world. If you’re not going to put in the effort to be my best possible choice, why bother?
For all the supporters of Tesla over the years, and it's been several years now and there have been some very tough times, I'd just like to say thank you very much. I deeply appreciate the support, particularly through the darkest times.
One life. No regret.
You doubtlessly have gifts you have yet to use—potential that remains untapped. You've been endowed with a desire for greatness and are aware enough to know that there are no shortages of success. Increase your responsibility level, assume control for everything that happens to you, and live by the slogan that nothing happens to you—only because of you! And remember, “Don't be a little bitch.
Este libro no está pensado para decirle a nadie lo que tiene que hacer ni cómo hacerlo.
Before we can stand out, we must first get clear on what we stand for.
What people are afraid of isn’t failure. It’s blame. Criticism.
Simon would like to make the world a better place for all of us. His vision is simple: to create a new generation of men and women who understand that an organization’s success or failure is based on leadership excellence and not managerial acumen.
Artists are people with a genius for finding a new answer, a new connection, or a new way of getting things done. That would be you.
te despiertas ansioso por compartir y crear algo porque crees que el mundo lo disfrutará y no porque supones que eso es lo que necesitas para convertirte en celebridad de Instagram,
Net-net, if you don’t like your work, for your kids’ sake, don’t go home.
Average assumes—incorrectly, of course—that everything operates stably. People optimistically overestimate how well things will go and then underestimate how much energy and effort it will take just to push things through. Anyone who has made it in business will support this concept.
the combination of your WHY and HOWs is as exclusively yours as your fingerprint.
Leaders are the ones who are willing to give up something of their own for us. Their time, their energy, their money, maybe even the food off their plate. When it matters, leaders choose to eat last.
Excellence isn’t about working extra hard to do what you’re told. It’s about taking the initiative to do work you decide is worth doing.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on.
The linchpin feels the fear, acknowledges it, then proceeds. I can’t tell you how to do this; I think the answer is different for everyone. What I can tell you is that in today’s economy, doing it is a prerequisite for success. The
Retreaters claim to be doing so in order to avoid more rejection and/or failures; it is almost never the actual rejection or failure that has impacted them. More often than not, it's their impression and evaluation of what failing and rejection mean that is causing them to retreat.
Empieza a vender concordando con el cliente, continúa acordando con él, haz que sienta que tiene la razón y... ¡después cierra el trato!
Success-minded people have no trouble at all following proven instructions. We all would be happy to follow a map if the map came with a guarantee. There is no guarantee, though. There are no maps. They’ve all been taken, and their value is not what it used to be, because your competitors have maps, too. The opportunity lies in pursuing your curiosity instead. Curiosity is not allergic to failure. Curiosity drives us to the haunted house because the thrills lie in what we don’t expect, not in what’s safe. Curiosity can start us down the path to shipping, to bringing things to the world, to examining them, refining them, and repeating the process again (and again).
As Herb Kelleher famously said, “You don’t hire for skills, you hire for attitude. You can always teach skills.
Great leaders are those who trust their gut. They are those who understand the art before the science.
Unless you give motivated people something to believe in, something bigger than their job to work toward, they will motivate themselves to find a new job and you’ll be stuck with whoever’s left.
We are not victims of our situation. We are the architects of it.
It’s what we wrestle with every single day. The intersection of comfort, danger, and safety. The balancing act between vulnerability and shame. The opportunity (or the risk) to do art. The willingness to take responsibility for caring enough to make a difference and to have a point of view.
The linchpins leverage something internal, not external, to create a position of power and value.
Leadership is the ability to rally people not for a single event, but for years. In business, leadership means that customers will continue to support your company even when you slip up.
To quote my mother, “If your friends put their head in the oven, would you do that too?” Sadly, if Michael Jordan or Tiger Woods was paid to do just that, it might actually start a trend.
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.
I'm not against government involvement in times of need. I am for recognizing that big public companies will continue to cut jobs in an effort to prop up stock prices, which in turn stimulates the need for more government involvement.
For the seller, selling based on price is like heroin. The short-term gain is fantastic, but the more you do it, the harder it becomes to kick the habit. Once buyers get used to paying a lower-than-average price for a product or service, it is very hard to get them to pay more. And the sellers, facing overwhelming pressure to push prices lower and lower in order to compete, find their margins cut slimmer and slimmer.
He gave the “I Have a Dream” speech, not the “I Have a Plan” speech.
Fact is, the first 100 years of our country’s history were about who could build the biggest, most efficient farm. And the second century focused on the race to build factories. Welcome to the third century, folks. The third century is about ideas.
I failed all my classes and that's why I'm winning. In hindsight, the fact that I was considered a failure for the first 18 years of my life has become the foundation of my success.
There are leaders and there are those who lead. Leaders hold a position of power or influence. Those who lead inspire us.
The best way to overcome your fear of creativity, brainstorming, intelligent risk-taking, or navigating a tricky situation might be to sprint.
Older people sit down and ask, 'What is it?' but the boy asks, 'What can I do with it?'.
The challenge with being an initiator of projects is that you are never, ever done.
Like getting into a bleeding competition with a blood bank.
The very important thing you should have is patience.
Real change rarely comes from the front of the line. It happens from the middle or even the back. Real change happens when someone who cares steps up and takes what feels like a risk. People follow because they want to, not because you can order them to.
An artist is someone who uses bravery, insight, creativity, and boldness to challenge the status quo. And an artist takes it personally.
only a tiny portion of the audience is looking for the brand-new thing. Most people are waiting for the tested, the authenticated, and the proven.
How can you get mentors/inventors ?Be the person that you would want to be a mentor. Be a person you would invest in
A day’s work is your chance to do art, to create a gift, to do something that matters.
Bad leaders believe that they have to project control at all times.
Wouldn't it be great to be gifted? In fact... It turns out that choices lead to habits. Habits become talents. Talents are labeled gifts. You're not born this way, you get this way.
In his 1961 story about the Sneetches, Dr. Seuss introduced us to two groups of Sneetches, one with stars on their bellies and the other with none. The ones without stars wanted desperately to get stars so they could feel like they fit in. They were willing to go to extreme lengths and pay larger and larger sums of money simply to feel like they were part of a group. But only Sylvester McMonkey McBean, the man whose machine puts "stars upon thars," profited from the Sneetches' desire to fit in.
If you can clearly articulate the dream or the goal, start.
Sometimes, we're so focused on being consistent that we also lower the bar on amazing.
El grado en que puedes influir en el resultado de los hechos de tu vida es el factor que determina tu posibilidad de éxito. Aquellos que no quieren confiar su suerte a las suplicas, la esperanza o las plegarias, deben aprender a persuadir, convencer y negociar adecuadamente.
greatness, as stated by
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
We need to know that the information we are given by others and especially our leaders, good or bad, is the truth. We need to know that when someone says something, they mean it. If we doubt their integrity, then we cannot trust them with our lives or the lives of those we love. If we doubt someone’s integrity, we would hesitate before jumping into a foxhole with them. The integrity of those in our community is, as our brain perceives it, a matter of life and death.
The following is the basic series of mistakes people make when setting out to achieve goals: 1. Mistargeting by setting objectives that are too low and don't allow for enough correct motivation. 2. Severely underestimating what it will take in terms of actions, resources, money, and energy to accomplish the target. 3. Spending too much time competing and not enough time dominating their sector. 4. Underestimating the amount of adversity they will need to overcome in order to actually attain their desired goal.
I realised that in a lot of failures, there is a lot of opportunities.
The moment you start thinking someone else's gain is your loss, you limit yourself by thinking in terms of competition and shortages.
Loyalty is not built on features and benefits. Features and benefits do not inspire. Loyalty and long-lasting relationships are based on something deeper.
Unless someone is willing to make personal sacrifices for the good of others to earn their place in the hierarchy, they aren’t really “alpha material.” Simply acting the part is not enough.
The goal of business should not be to do business with anyone who simply wants what you have. It should be to focus on the people who believe what you believe.
Questions to Ask When Creating Facebook Micro-Content Is the text too long? Is it provocative, entertaining, or surprising? Is the photo striking and high-quality? Is the logo visible? Have we chosen the right format for the post? Is the call to action in the right place? Is this interesting in any way, to anyone? For real? Are we asking too much of the person consuming the content?
While companies were getting comfy cozy with the idea of being on social media platforms, social media transcended those platforms, and few businesses have followed.
How to walk to Cleveland Shipping is an event. There’s life before you ship and then there’s the moment you ship. And then there’s life after you ship. Starting isn’t like that. Starting something is not an event; it’s a series of events. You decide to walk to Cleveland. So you take a first step in the right direction. That’s starting. You spend the rest of the day walking toward Cleveland, one step at a time, picking your feet up and putting them down. At the end of the day, twenty miles later, you stop at a hotel. And what happens the next morning? Either you quit the project or you start again, walking to Cleveland. In fact, every step is a new beginning. Sure, you’re closer than you were yesterday or last week, but you’re still heading toward Cleveland. Keep starting until you finish.
Relațiile dezvoltate pe rețelele de socializare și relațiile personale funcționează exact la fel - obții de pe urma lor exact ceea ce investești în ele.
Stick with the Dips that are likely to pan out, and quit the Cul-de-Sacs to focus your resources. That’s it.
Everyone knows I married a prince, and then I married a billionaire.
Those who are able to inspire give people a sense of purpose or belonging that has little to do with any external incentive or benefit to be gained.
Restrictions are a powerful thing. Although we often chafe at the limitations imposed by our marketing platforms, those limitations often bring out our storytelling creativity. That’s why we should all be paying close attention to Vine, the six-second looping-video platform
Correct is fine. But it is better to be interesting.
We're very simple people at Apple. We focus on making the world's best products and enriching people's lives.
It’s better to hang out with people better than you. Pick out associates whose behavior is better than yours and you’ll drift in that direction.
When we try to drill and practice someone into subservient obedience, we’re stamping out the artist that lives within.
Only when a team member proves uncoachable—is resistant to feedback and takes no responsibility for how they show up at work—should we seriously consider removing them from the team.
No big company loses to a little company if they are totally committed to winning the fight. There is no reason why mammoth companies like Barnes & Noble or Borders could not have spent real money and hired the right people to come at Amazon with everything they had. Barnes & Noble went online in 1997, but they didn’t go in 100 percent; they couldn’t have, or Amazon wouldn’t have taken over so much of their market. They should have done the same thing I do every time a new liquor store that could be a threat opens up near me—pound the competitor’s face in with advertising and marketing dollars (even if they’re not opening up close to me, you can bet I’m paying close attention to what they’re doing). Barnes & Noble should have come at Amazon the way Fox and NBC came at Google, when they developed a true rival, Hulu, to combat Google’s YouTube.
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. Love what you do or don't do it.
Juggling is about throwing, not catching That’s why it’s so difficult to learn how to juggle. We’re conditioned to make the catch, to hurdle whatever is in our way to save the day, to—no matter what—not drop the ball. If you spend your time and energy and focus on catching, it’s inevitable that your throws will suffer. You’ll get plenty of positive feedback for the catches you make, but you’ll always be behind, because the throws you manage to make will be ever less useful. Paradoxically, if you get better at throwing, the catches take care of themselves. The only way to get better at throwing, though, is to throw. Throw poorly, throw again. Throw well, throw again. Get good at throwing first.
The time we spend getting to know people when we’re not working is part of what it takes to form bonds of trust. It’s the exact same reason why eating together and doing things as a family really matters. Equally as important are conferences, company picnics and the time we spend around the watercooler. The more familiar we are with each other, the stronger our bonds. Social interaction is also important for the leaders of an organization. Roaming the halls of the office and engaging with people beyond meetings really matters.
Nothing happens to you; it happens because of you.
Bet on your strengths. It’s an underrated business strategy in a world where so many people are obsessed with fixing their weaknesses they give short shrift to the skills they were born with.
Cigarettes are out. Social media is in. It’s the drug of the twenty-first century. (At least people who smoke stand outside together.) Like
Poke the box How do computer programmers learn their art? Is there a step-by-step process that guarantees you’ll get good? All great programmers learn the same way. They poke the box. They code something and see what the computer does. They change it and see what the computer does. They repeat the process again and again until they figure out how the box works. The box might be a computer or it might be a market or it might be a customer or it might be your boss. It’s a puzzle, one that can be solved in only one way—by poking.
Pasión Conozco mucha gente que tiene un empleo que le deja carretadas de dinero, y aun así no es feliz.
Starting with WHY not only helps you know which is the right advice for you to follow, but also to know which decisions will put you out of balance.
Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you ought to set up a life you don't need to escape from.
Your story isn’t powerful enough if all it does is lead the horse to water; it has to inspire the horse to drink, too.
Vagueness sucks. Lack of drive sucks. Half-assing things sucks. And so does the middle.
Fear of criticism is a powerful deterrent because the criticism doesn't actually have to occur for the fear to set in. Watch a few people get criticized for being innovate, and it's pretty easy to convince yourself that the very same thing will happen to you if you're not careful.
The art of delegation is one of the key skills any entrepreneur must master.
until you become completely obsessed with your mission, no one will take you seriously. Until the world understands that you're not going away—that you are 100 percent committed and have complete and utter conviction and will persist in pursuing your project—you will not get the attention you need and the support you want.
Encuentra el nicho en donde eres bueno y sigue la corriente, síguela hasta que puedas empezar a expandirte poco a poco
Responsibility is not doing as we are told, that's obedience. Responsibility is doing what is right.
I am who I am, and I'm focused on that, and being a great CEO of Apple.
The opportunity of a lifetime is to pick yourself. Quit waiting to get picked; quit waiting for someone to give you permission; quit waiting for someone to say you are officially qualified and pick yourself. It doesn’t mean you have to be an entrepreneur or a freelancer, but it does mean you stand up and say, ‘I have something to say. I know how to do something. I’m doing it. If you want me to do it with you, raise your hand.
The combination of brilliant ideas and entrepreneurial spirit should lead us to a safer and more secure future.
the true price of leadership is the willingness to place the needs of others above your own. Great leaders truly care about those they are privileged to lead and understand that the true cost of the leadership privilege comes at the expense of self-interest.
Average Is for Losers
Remember, the WHY is a filter. When you start with WHY, it attracts people who believe what you believe and repels people who don’t.
She’s a great leader because she understands that earning the trust of an organization doesn’t come from setting out to impress everyone, it comes from setting out to serve those who serve her.
Quality is a tremendous filter. Cream always rises, my friends, no matter how many cups of coffee you pour.
Taking massive action means making somewhat unreasonable choices and then following these up with even more action. This level of action will be considered by some to be borderline insane, well beyond the agreed-upon social norm—and will always create new problems. But remember: If you don't create new problems, then you're not taking enough action. You
Life is actually far better than it is in the movies. And it takes longer.
creating a Circle of Safety around the people in the organization, leadership reduces the threats people feel inside the group, which frees them up to focus more time and energy to protect the organization from the constant dangers outside and seize the big opportunities. Without a Circle of Safety, people are forced to spend too much time and energy protecting themselves from each other.
Together, We will make America strong again. We will make wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And yes, together, we will make America great again. Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America.
How many people would reach out and wonder (or complain) if you didn’t send out that next email blast? That’s a metric worth measuring and increasing.
Sonder is defined as that moment when you realize that everyone around you has an internal life as rich and as conflicted as yours.
If you actually work for an organization that insists you be mediocre, that enforces conformity in all its employees, why stay? What are you building? The work can’t possibly be enjoyable or challenging, your skills aren’t increasing, and your value in the marketplace decreases each day you stay there. And if history is a guide, your job there isn’t as stable as you think, because average companies making average products for average people are under huge strain.
the best ideas require significant change. They fly in the face of the status quo, and inertia is a powerful force.
Truly human leadership protects an organization from the internal rivalries that can shatter a culture. When we have to protect ourselves from each other, the whole organization suffers.
Here's an assignment for you: Write it down. Write down under what circumstances you're willing to quit. And when. And then stick to it.
Good leadership is like exercise. We do not see any improvement to our bodies with day-to-day comparisons. In fact, if we only compare the way our bodies look on a given day to how they looked the previous day, we would think our efforts had been wasted. It’s only when we compare pictures of ourselves over a period of weeks or months that we can see a stark difference. The impact of leadership is also best judged over time.
When you are with Marines gathering to eat, you will notice that the most junior are served first and the most senior are served last. When you witness this act, you will also note that no order is given. Marines just do it.
A company of strong character will have a culture that promotes treating all people well, not just the ones who pay them or earn them money in the moment. In a culture of strong character, the people inside the company will feel protected by their leaders and feel that their colleagues have their backs. In a culture of weak character, the people will feel that any protection they have comes primarily from their own ability to manage the politics, promote their own successes and watch their own backs (though some are lucky enough to have a colleague or two to help).
A man generally has two reasons for doing a thing. One that sounds good, and a real one.
All we have is the undying belief of this one person of a world that exists in the future and his ability to communicate it in a way that lets us imagine it as clearly. All leaders must have two things: they must have a vision of the world that does not exist and they must have the ability to communicate it.
El mero hecho de cambiar el entorno en el que trabajaban las personas hizo que éstas comenzaran a actuar de manera diferente con los demás. Se sentían parte de algo, lo cual les permitía relajarse y sentirse valoradas. Los empleados comenzaron a preocuparse por otros, igual que éstos se interesaban por ellos. Este entorno de afecto permitió a los trabajadores entregar plenamente «sus mentes y sus corazones», como le gusta decir a Chapman, y la organización comenzó a mejorar. Un
What if the next time someone pushes, "Well, what makes you better than your competition?" we replied, "We're not better than them in all cases." And what if the next time someone asks, "Well why should I do business with you then?" we answer with confidence, "Because the work we're doing now is better than the work we were doing six months ago. And the work we'll be doing six months from now will be better than the work we're doing today. Because we wake up every day with a sense of WHY we come to work. We come to work to inspire people to do the things that inspire them. Are we better than our competition? If you believe what we believe and you believe that the things we do can help you, then we're better. If you don't believe what we believe and you don't believe the things we can do will help you, then we're no better. Our goal is to find customers who believe what we believe and work together so that we can all succeed. We're looking for people to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with us in pursuit of the same goal. We're not interested in sitting across a table from each other in pursuit of a sweeter deal. And here are the things we're doing to advance our cause...." And then details of HOW and WHAT you do follow. But this time, it started with WHY.
Being unafraid of making mistakes makes everything easy for me. Not worrying about what people think frees you to do things, and doing things allows you to win or learn from your loss—which means you win either way. Hear me now: you are better off being wrong ten times and being right three than you are if you try only three times and always get it right.
It is the feeling of “we’re in this together,” shared between customer and company, voter and candidate, boss and employee, that defines great leaders.
Amazon.com strives to be the e-commerce destination where consumers can find and discover anything they want to buy online.
A good vision statement, in contrast, explains, in specific terms, what the world would look like if everything we did was wildly successful.
الموهوبون فقط هم الذين يقلقون من الأداء المتواضع
One thing is certain in business. You and everyone around you will make mistakes.
In the end, no matter what obstacles a company faces in the Thank You Economy, the solution will always be the same. Competitors are bigger? Outcare them. They’re cheaper? Outcare them. They’ve got celebrity status and you don’t? Outcare them. Social media gives you the tools to touch your consumer and create an emotion where before there might not have been one. It doesn’t matter if you’re not small or cool or sexy—people can get pumped up about the craziest stuff. I mean, really, who could have predicted the guy in a trench coat pulverizing iPhones in a blender? (Seriously, if you haven’t seen it, check out willitblend.com. It’s fantastic!)
One of the talents of the [late] great Steve Jobs is that he [knew] how to design Medusa-like products. While every Macintosh model has had flaws (some more than others), most of them have has a sexiness and a design sensibility that has turned many consumers into instant converts. Macintosh owners upgrade far more often than most computer users for precisely this reason.” (p.98)
When you explain to people what you're trying to do, as opposed to just making demands or delegating tasks, you can build instant trust, even if it's just for that short time you're on the phone.
I'm not the type to pat myself on the back and all that, but somebody has to be lucky, right? When I got to Dallas, I was struggling - sleeping on the floor with six guys in a three-bedroom apartment. I used to drive around, look at the big houses, and imagine what it would be like to live there and use that as motivation.
most competitors quit long before they’ve created something that makes it to the top.
Never reduce a target. Instead, increase actions. When you start rethinking your targets, making up excuses, and letting yourself off the hook, you are giving up on your dreams! These actions should be an indication that you're getting off track - that you should begin thinking in terms of correcting your initial estimation of effort.
The industrial age is ending, and a new one is beginning. It produces art instead of stuff and it rewards gracefulness.
Seizing new ground, making connections between people or ideas, working without a map—these are works of art, and if you do them, you are an artist, regardless of whether you wear a smock, use a computer, or work with others all day long.
when people are using their devices, it’s probable that almost half are networking on social media.
People will laugh at your dreams then hate you when you make them come true.
Great jobs, world-class jobs, jobs people kill for—those jobs don’t get filled by people e-mailing in résumés. Google
Selling is about a transference of emotion, not a presentation of facts.
Crash diets don't work.They don't work for losing weight, they don't work for making sales quota and they don't work for getting and keeping a job.The reason they don't work has nothing to do with what's on the list of things to be done (or consumed). No, the reason they don't work is that they don't change habits, and habits are where our lives and careers and bodies are made.
We’ve been trained to believe that mediocre obedience is a genetic fact for most of the population, but it’s interesting to note that this trait doesn’t show up until after a few years of schooling.
You can focus on things that are barriers or you can focus on scaling the wall or redefining the problem.
Here’s an assignment for you: Write it down. Write down under what circumstances you’re willing to quit. And when. And then stick with it.
The rank of office is not what makes someone a leader. Leadership is the choice to serve others with or without any formal rank.
In the 1980s America reacted to the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan. We supported a war that left a nation torn to pieces. And as the last Soviet tank left the country, so did we.
Creating ideas that spread and connecting the disconnected are the two pillars of our new society, and both of them require the posture of the artist.
Where a finite-minded player makes products they think they can sell to people, the infinite-minded player makes products that people want to buy. The former is primarily focused on how the sale of those products benefits the company; the latter is primarily focused on how the products benefit those who buy them.
Passion is caring enough about your art that you will do almost anything to give it away, to make it a gift, to change people.
The new American Dream, though, the one that markets around the world are embracing as fast as they can, is this: Be remarkable Be generous Create art Make judgment calls Connect people and ideas
Most people give up just when they’re about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.
Yes, the Internet is a discovery tool, but no, you’re not going to get discovered that way. Instead, you will make your impact by uniting those you seek to serve.
Change isn’t made by asking permission. Change is made by asking forgiveness, later.
La mayoría no leemos libros sobre Apple; no conocemos personalmente a Steve Jobs; no hemos dedicado tiempo a deambular por los pasillos de la sede central de Apple para llegar a conocer su cultura. La claridad que tenemos en cuanto a lo que Apple cree proviene de un sitio y de solo uno: Apple. La gente no compra lo QUE haces, compra POR QUÉ lo haces, y Apple dice y hace solo las cosas en las que cree. Si lo QUE haces no pone de manifiesto lo que crees, entonces nadie sabrá cuál es tu PORQUÉ y te verás obligado a competir en el precio, el servicio, la calidad, las funcionalidades y las ventajas: las cosas de las mercancías indiferenciadas. Apple tiene un megáfono claro y sonoro y es excepcionalmente hábil en la transmisión de su historia.
And that’s what trust is. We don’t just trust people to obey the rules, we also trust that they know when to break them.
Weak leaders are the ones who extend the benefits of the Circle of Safety only to their fellow senior executives and a chosen few others. They look out for each other, but they do not offer the same considerations to those outside their “inner circle.” Without the protection of our leaders, everyone outside the inner circle is forced to work alone or in small tribes to protect and advance their own interests. And in so doing, silos form, politics entrench, mistakes are covered up instead of exposed, the spread of information slows and unease soon replaces any sense of cooperation and security.
If the only side effect of the criticism is that you will feel bad about the criticism, then you have to compare that bad feeling with the benefits you’ll get from actually doing something worth doing. Being remarkable is exciting, fun, profitable, and great for your career. Feeling bad wears off.
Henry Ford said, “If you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.
Almost every problem people face in their careers and other aspects of their lives—such as failed diets, marriages, and financial problems—are all the result of not taking enough action.
If you have to ask how much it costs, you can't afford it.
I spend 95% of my time persuading people to take action and just 5% of the time on the recipes.
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil
This is what happens when the leaders of an organization listen to the people who work there. Without coercion, pressure or force, the people naturally work together to help each other and advance the company. Working with a sense of obligation is replaced by working with a sense of pride. And coming to work for the company is replaced by coming to work for each other. Work is no longer a place to dread. It is a place to feel valued.
But only companies that act like commodities are the ones who wake up every day with the challenge of how to differentiate.
What will make someone a linchpin is not a shortcut. It’s the understanding of which hard work is worth doing. The only thing that separates great artists from mediocre ones is their ability to push through the dip.
Good things don't happen to victims; bad things do—quite frequently—and all you have to do is ask them. Those who embrace the victim position will gladly go on and on to you about how they had nothing to do with their many bad breaks and misfortunes in life that seem to strike them time and again throughout their lives. There are four consistent factors in the life of the victim: (1) bad things happen to them, (2) bad things happen often, (3) they are always involved, and (4) someone or something else is always to blame.
A factory demands a compliant workforce in order to succeed. And so we’ve organized around this idea of compliance in all things—in school, in the foods we eat, in the way we respond to marketing. And it’s a dead end.
This is the problem with many members of the middle class. They go after what they've deemed necessary rather than ever going really big.
Choose your customers, choose your future.
My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost.
Putting more money into families' pockets will help them with the rising cost of living, and reducing the tax burden on business will help foster the entrepreneurial spirit of those who want to start-up or grow their own firms.
Don’t think you are unstoppable or foolproof. Don’t think that the only way your business will work is through perfection. Don’t aim for perfection. Aim for success.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
For those within a community, or an organization, they must trust that their leaders provide a net—practical or emotional. With that feeling of support, those in the organization are more likely to put in extra effort that ultimately benefits the group as a whole.
Trust is not formed through a screen, it is formed across a table. It takes a handshake to bind humans . . . and no technology yet can replace that. There is no such thing as virtual trust.
I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can not accept not trying.
Leadership is absolutely about inspiring action, but it is also about guarding against mis-action.
The goal of business then should not be to simply sell to anyone who wants what you have—the majority—but rather to find people who believe what you believe, the left side of the bell curve.
The hard work and big money you used to spend on frequent purchases of print and TV advertising now move to repeated engineering expenses and product failures. If anything, marketing is more time-consuming and expensive than it used to be. You’re just spending the money earlier in the process (and repeating the process more often). This is worth highlighting: The Purple Cow is not a cheap shortcut. It is, however, your best (perhaps only) strategy for growth.
The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'
Wake up! No one is going to save you. No one is going to take care of your family or your retirement. No one is going to “make things” work out for you. The only way to do so is to utilize every moment of every day at 10X levels.
When I came into the music, I was forced to be a CEO. I was forced to be an entrepreneur; I was forced to... because I was looking for a deal. I didn't have this grand scheme of starting a record company and then morphing into a clothing empire.
Leading is not the same as being the leader. Being the leader means you hold the highest rank, either by earning it, good fortune or navigating internal politics. Leading, however, means that others willingly follow you—not because they have to, not because they are paid to, but because they want to.
You need editors, not brand managers,who will push the envelope to make [a brand media property] go forward.
I am an immigrant from Mexico. I came to the United States looking for a landscape where I could explore ideas freely and to test my entrepreneurial spirit.
When Pat Holt strings together a list of words not to overuse—“Actually, totally, absolutely, completely, continually, constantly, continuously, literally, really, unfortunately, ironically, incredibly, hopefully, finally”—she’s not being a stickler for formality and grammar. Instead she’s reminding us that words matter, that poor word use is just a red flag for someone who wants to ignore you.
On top of this, if you do great work you gain the reward of knowing you’re doing great work. Your day snaps into alignment with your dreams, and you no longer have to pretend you’re mediocre. You’re free to contribute.
A woodpecker can tap twenty times on a thousand trees and get nowhere, but stay busy. Or he can tap twenty-thousand times on one tree and get dinner. Before
When companies make their people feel like they matter, the people come together in a way that money simply cannot buy.
Trust is like lubrication. It reduces friction and creates conditions much more conducive to performance.
We expect all our businesses to have a positive impact on our top and bottom lines. Profitability is very important to us or we wouldn't be in this business.
The job is not your work; what you do with your heart and soul is the work.
As the economy shifts, large (and small) organizations are discovering that this brainwashing thing was a huge error. You can’t snooze your way to greatness. You can’t optimize your way to surprising growth. You can’t organize your way into blamelessness.
The next time you catch yourself being average when you feel like quitting, realize that you have only two good choices: Quit or be exceptional. Average is for losers. Am
Leadership, on the other hand, is about creating change you believe in.
Money is a scoreboard where you can rank how you're doing against other people.
Why is this mediocre? We love to point out how broken our systems are. We enjoy getting angry at hotels or government agencies or airlines that are so obviously doing a poor job. Idiots! But we almost never look at merely mediocre products and wonder why they aren’t great. Mediocre services or products do what they’re supposed to, but have set the bar so low that it’s hardly worth the energy to cross the street to buy them. A resolute generic sameness pervades this mediocrity. Why isn’t every restaurant meal a fabulous buy for the money? Why isn’t every tax dollar spent with the intensity and focus it could be spent with? It seems as though we are willing to accept mediocre as long as the product, the service, or the organization isn’t totally broken.
It’s extremely difficult to find smart people willing to start useful projects. Because sometimes what you start doesn’t work. The fact that it doesn’t work every time should give you confidence, because it means you’re doing something that frightens others.
Degrees of Freedom This is important. One of the easy things about riding the train is that there aren’t many choices. The track goes where the track goes. Sure, sometimes there are junctions and various routes, but generally speaking, there are only two choices—go or don’t go. Driving is a little more complicated. In a car you can choose from literally millions of destinations. Organizations are far more complex. There are essentially an infinite number of choices, endless degrees of freedom. Your marketing can be free or expensive, online or offline, funny or sad. It can be truthful, emotional, boring, or bland. In fact, every marketing campaign ever done has been at least a little different from every other one. The same choices exist in even greater number when you look at the microdecisions that go on every day. Should you go to a meeting or not? Shake hands with each person or just start? Order in fancy food for your guests or go for a walk together because the weather is sunny. . . . In the face of an infinite sea of choices, it’s natural to put blinders on, to ask for a map, to beg for instructions, or failing that, to do exactly what you did last time, even if it didn’t work. Linchpins are able to embrace the lack of structure and find a new path, one that works.
achievement comes when you pursue and attain WHAT you want. Success comes when you are clear in pursuit of WHY you want it.
A slogan that accurately conveys the essence of your Purple Cow is a script. A script for the sneezer to use when she talks with her friends. The slogan reminds the user, “Here’s why it’s worth recommending us; here’s why your friends and colleagues will be glad you told them about us.” And best of all, the script guarantees that the word of mouth is passed on properly – that the prospect is coming to you for the right reason.
On the other hand, when was the last time you heard about someone who stuck with a dead-end job or a dead-end relationship or a dead-end sales prospect until suddenly, one day, the person at the other end said, “Wow, I really admire your persistence; let’s change our relationship for the better”? It doesn’t happen.
Leading, not following We’ve been trained to follow. In fact, the very nature of training has following built right into it. We follow instructions. We follow the rules. We follow the leader. The challenge in a six-billion person world is that we don’t have a shortage of followers. Followers are easy to find, and the tools for compliance are more powerful (but less useful) than ever. Now the economy is demanding leaders. Human beings who can engage in what it really means to be a person—to forge connections, to see a path and to make a difference.
Amazon.com took the idea of a man inside the computer and created a service with the same name. A person or company can present a task to the Mechanical Turk Web site, and hordes of invisible people will chip away at it, doing work that’s eerily human but requires no personal interaction and very little money. These hardworking people are like the little man inside the chess computer: you can’t see them, but they’re doing all the work.
What authenticity means is that your Golden Circle is in balance. It means that everything you say and everything you do you actually believe.
There is no formula for cool content, other than that you can’t make it if you don’t have a deep understanding of what makes your audience tick and what they’re seeking when they use social media. Creating
Where did your art go while you were tweeting?
Doug needs to leave for a very simple reason. He’s been branded. Everyone at the company has an expectation of who Doug is and what he can do.
When you meet someone, you need to have a superpower.
Drop your prices low enough and people will buy from you.
Most people do not attack their projects with “I-have-to-get-it-done-now” urgency and therefore they do not get it done. Most people never commit like fanatics, and therefore they never become fantastic.
You know, you don't need to grow old to die. I was dying at the age of 20 as a result of no direction and no purpose.
It was grounded in my belief at the time that a business is only as strong as its closest customer relationships, and that what those customers said about our business beyond our four walls would shape our future. I
At Virgin, we have always backed the power of the entrepreneur and inventor to find solutions to tricky problems. Why should climate change and the battle against carbon be any different?
It’s uncomfortable to stand up in front of strangers. It’s uncomfortable to propose an idea that might fail. It’s uncomfortable to challenge the status quo. It’s uncomfortable to resist the urge to settle. When you identify the discomfort, you’ve found the place where a leader is needed.
WHY did we start doing WHAT we’re doing in the first place, and WHAT can we do to bring our cause to life considering all the technologies and market opportunities available today?
A story about tens of thousands of people struck down by their own military as they stood up for something noble does not have the same emotional impact on us as the story of one person does. We
Now, if you truly understand how marketing works today, you know there is no individual six-month campaign; there’s only the 365-day campaign, during which you produce new content daily.
diseñaban el resultado que querían desde el principio.
Love your family, work super hard, live your passion.
If you don't consider it your duty to live up to your potential, then you simply won't.
begin to realize that the safest thing you can do feels risky and the riskiest thing you can do is play it safe.
But there's so much kludge, so much terrible stuff, we are at the 1908 Hurley washing machine stage with the Internet. That's where we are. We don't get our hair caught in it, but that's the level of primitiveness of where we are. We're in 1908.
We believe what we want to believe, and once we believe something, it becomes a self-fulfilling truth.
It’s a matter of survival to think beyond your current successes and constantly look for ways to create new ones so that you’re never limited to any one platform or even one topic. How do you do that? By creating a personal brand so powerful that it transcends platforms, products, and even your passion.
The Cul-de-Sac ( French for "dead end" ) ... is a situation where you work and work and work and nothing much changes
Marketing is too important to be left to the marketing department.” David Packard
When you compete against everyone else, no one wants to help you.
John Quincy Adams would have understood Simon’s message because he clearly understood what it was to be a leader when he stated: “If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Great organizations become great because the people inside the organization feel protected. The strong sense of culture creates a sense of belonging and acts like a net.
The rich don’t work for money. They make money work for them.
Many companies have star employees and star salesmen and so on, but few have a culture that produces great people as a rule and not an exception.
Regardless of the goal you are striving to accomplish, you will be required to think differently, embrace a die-hard level of commitment, and take massive amounts of action at 10 times the levels you think necessary—followed by more actions. Almost every problem people face in their careers and other aspects of their lives—such as failed diets, marriages, and financial problems—are all the result of not taking enough action.
When people quit, they are often focused on the short-term benefits. In other words, “If it hurts; stop!
The entrepreneur is comfortable raising money, hiring and firing, renting more office space than she needs right now. The entrepreneur must dream big and persuade others to share her dream. The freelancer, on the other hand, can focus on craft. She can most easily build her business by doing great work, consistently.
Motivate oneself with passion and the self confidence to one's goal with the vision that motivates one's soul to soar with courage like a eagle flying forward to a higher altitude never giving up in striving for achieving endless flights with limitless possibilities for success.
Always put your money back into your business.
para echar a andar un negocio no tienes que esperar hasta ser un experto o hasta haber diseñado un sitio perfecto o escrito tres publicaciones de blog perfectas. Al contrario.
As with all decisions, people don’t buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it, and WHAT you do serves as the tangible proof of WHY you do it.
According to a Gallup poll conducted in 2013 called “State of the American Workplace,” when our bosses completely ignore us, 40 percent of us actively disengage from our work. If our bosses criticize us on a regular basis, 22 percent of us actively disengage. Meaning, even if we’re getting criticized, we are actually more engaged simply because we feel that at least someone is acknowledging that we exist! And if our bosses recognize just one of our strengths and reward us for doing what we’re good at, only 1 percent of us actively disengage from the work we’re expected to do.
With limited time or opportunity to experiment, we intentionally narrow our choices to those at the top. You’re
Sure, ideas that spread, win, but ideas that don’t get spoken always fail.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
It's not as though we can keep burning coal in our power plants. Coal is a finite resource, too. We must find alternatives, and it's a better idea to find alternatives sooner then wait until we run out of coal, and in the meantime, put God knows how many trillions of tons of CO2 that used to be buried underground into the atmosphere.
Some of us face the very real threat of losing our livelihoods if we try something new and lose the company some money. Politics also present a constant threat—the fear that others are trying to keep us down so that they may advance their own careers. Intimidation, humiliation, isolation, feeling dumb, feeling useless and rejection are all stresses we try to avoid inside the organization. But the danger inside is controllable and it should be the goal of leadership to set a culture free of danger from each other. And the way to do that is by giving people a sense of belonging. By offering them a strong culture based on a clear set of human values and beliefs. By giving them the power to make decisions. By offering trust and empathy. By creating a Circle of Safety.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
A culture is strong when people work with each other, for each other. A culture is weak when people work against each other, for themselves.
It's very easy to relate to a kid who is having trouble in high school... less so to relate to a billionaire whose Lamborghini broke down.
The only way to get what you're worth is to stand out, to exert emotional labor, to be seen as indispensable, and to produce interactions that organizations and people care deeply about.
Any colour - so long as it's black.
Problems are opportunities, and conquered opportunities equal money earned.
Ya sea que te quieras considerar o no un vendedor, sólo existen dos posibilidades: vendes algo o alguien te vende a ti.
Intră în apă, iar apoi începe să înoți mai bine și mai repede decât toți ceilalți! Poți face acest lucru dacă ești mai sincer și mai atent, dacă realizezi un conținut mai bun, dacă îți pui degetul pe pulsul spațiului și dacă te implici mai mult. Dacă ești mai bun. Trebuie să te comporți ca tipul care se îndrăgostește de fata care tocmai a fost părăsită de iubirea vieții ei. Cum naiba vei reuși să o convingi să îl uite și să o faci să înțeleagă că tu faci cât zece tipi dintr-ăștia? Cu o răbdare incredibilă, cu perseverență și cu înțelegere. Fă ce trebuie, fii sincer în ceea ce simți și există o șansă ca, într-o zi, să se uite la tine la fel cum se uita la el.
porque estén dominados, sino porque se sienten motivados.
You’re going to go through a time where you’re not going to make any money. It’s not going to be a week, it’s not going to be a month, it’s not going to be one year. It’s going to be years. And during that time, if you don’t love what you do, it’s going to be very hard to stick it out. That is something that people don’t understand when they hear, “Follow your passion.” They hear rainbows, unicorns, bullshit. But the truth of it is that it’s important, because if you don’t enjoy what you’re doing, you’re going to be that much more likely to quit when shit’s hard.
There are fates worse than death,” he will tell you. “One fate worse than death is accidentally killing your own men. Another fate worse than death is going home alive when twenty-two others don’t.
That’s the problem with love; we only know when we’ve found it because it “just feels right.
Persistent people are able to visualize the idea of light at the end of the tunnel when others can't see it
Being good at school is a fine skill if you intend to do school forever. For the rest of us, being good at school is a little like being good at Frisbee. It’s nice, but it’s not relevant unless your career involves homework assignments, looking through textbooks for answers that are already known to your supervisors, complying with instructions and then, in high-pressure settings, regurgitating those facts with limited processing on your part. Or, in the latter case, if your job involves throwing 165 grams of round plastic as far as you can. The
So we take the deal. We agree to do a job in exchange for a set of instructions. And for the hundred years that it led to increasing standards of living, it seemed like a very good deal.
It's not an experiment if you know it's going to work.
When your art fails, make better art.
As anyone who starts a business knows, it is a fantastic race. There is a statistic that hangs over your head - over 90 percent of all new businesses fail in the first three years. For anyone with even a bit of competitive spirit in them, especially for someone who defines himself or herself as an entrepreneur, these overwhelming odds of failure are not intimidating, they only add fuel to the fire. The foolishness of thinking that you're a part of the small minority of those who actually will make it past three years and defy the odds is part of what makes entrepreneurs who they are, driven by passion and completely irrational.
People don't buy what you do , they buy WHY you do it.
The value we create is directly related to how much valuable information we can produce, how much trust we can earn, and how often we innovate.
To be willing to do new things you don’t think you’ll like requires you to prefer the unknown. Not just to tolerate it, but to prefer it. One way to achieve that is to set out to experience things you’re sure you won’t like. To have conversations that are frightening. Becoming generous beyond measure, just to see what happens. And most of all, setting out to fail. Failing helps you see how far is too far, failing helps remind you that failing isn’t fatal, and most of all, failing opens you up to succeeding.
Leaders are to provide direction and intent and allow others to figure out what to do and how to get there.” And this is
Tell your lizard (brain) to shut up.
The easiest thing is to react. The second easiest thing is to respond. But the hardest thing is to initiate.
You have everything you need to build something far bigger than yourself.
The killer: our anxiety not only makes us miserable, but ruins the interaction. People smell it on you. They react to it. They’re less likely to hire you or buy from you or have fun at your party. The very thing you are afraid of occurs, precisely because you are afraid of it, which of course makes the shenpa cycle even worse.
the true price of leadership is the willingness to place the needs of others above your own.
I'm glad to see that BMW is bringing an electric car to market. That's cool.
no matter the issue, the company’s managers were always drawn to the quicker, cheaper option over the better long-term solution. Just like the habitual dieter, “they never have the time or money to do it right the first time,” she said of her client, “but they always have the time and money to do it again.
it is better to make something happen—good or bad—than to have it happen to you.
When the pain gets so bad that you’re ready to quit, you’ve set yourself up as someone with nothing to lose. And someone with nothing to lose has quite a bit of power. You can go for broke. Challenge authority. Attempt unattempted alternatives. Lean into a problem; lean so far that you might just lean right through it.
Los líderes de las mejores organizaciones no consideran a sus trabajadores un material que deben manipular para contribuir a ganar más dinero. Entienden que el dinero es el material que hay que gestionar para ayudar a su gente a crecer.
Education isn't a problem until it serves as a buffer rom the world and a refuge from the risk of failure.
The Dip is the long stretch between beginner’s luck and real accomplishment.
people who are the best in the world specialize at getting really good at the questions they don’t know. The people who skip the hard questions are in the majority, but they are not in demand.
life shrinks and expands on the proportion of your willingness to take risks and try new things.
As a result, the rewards for being first are enormous. It’s not a linear scale. It’s not a matter of getting a little more after giving a little more. It’s a curve, and a steep one.
True strength is the courage to admit our weaknesses.
If the New Marketing can be characterized by just one idea, it's this: Ideas that spread through groups of people are far more powerful than ideas delivered at an individual.Social change, education, new-product launches, religious movements... it doesn't matter, the story is the same. Movements are at the heart of change and growth. A movement - an idea that spreads with passion through a community and leads to change - is far more powerful than any advertisement ever could be.As you consider what to do next, you're faced with a difficult choice. It's difficult because it represents giving up something you may be quite comfortable with, and it's difficult because it requires an all-or-nothing commitment.
It is a prerequisite, then, for someone to trust the culture in which they work to share the values and beliefs of that culture. Without it, that employee, for example, is simply a bad fit and likely to work only for self-gain without consideration for the greater good.
Imagine if every organization started with WHY. Decisions would be simpler. Loyalties would be greater. Trust would be a common currency.
It’s not an accident that school is like a job, not an accident that there are supervisors and rules and tests and quality control. You do well, you get another job (the next grade), and continue to do well and you get a real job. Do poorly, don’t fit in, rebel—and you are kicked out of the system.
People don’t buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it,
Nothing and no one can perform at 100 percent forever. If we cannot be honest with one another and rely on one another for help during the challenging parts of the journey, we won’t get very far.
At the age of four, you were an artist. And at seven, you were a poet.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Greatness is not born from one success. Greatness is born from persevering through the countless failed attempts that preceded.
He knew that if he wanted to build a real, lasting success, people had to win not for him, not for the shareholders and not even for the customer. For the success to last the employees of Continental had to want to win for themselves.
Quitting smoking is the easiest thing I've ever done," said Mark Twain. "I've done it hundreds of times.
In a story so good that it should be apocryphal, Zappos offers graduates of their two-week paid training school $2,000 if they will quit their new jobs.
You cannot win big in social media if you’re going to be afraid of emerging technology.
No matter who you are or what kind of company or organization you work for, your number-one job is to tell your story to the consumer wherever they are, and preferably at the moment they are deciding to make a purchase.
Cupcakes The first time you bake cupcakes, you will certainly follow the recipe with rigor. The third time, you might improvise and screw up. Learning your lesson, you will follow the recipe again and again as closely as you can. At this point, by the fifth time, some people actually learn to bake. They improvise successfully. They understand the science and the outcomes. They develop a kind of gracefulness in the kitchen. Others merely plod along. They’re cooks, not chefs. A cook follows a recipe. A chef invents one. We have too many cooks. The world is begging for chefs.
There are only two ways to influence human behavior: you can manipulate it or you can inspire it.Very few people or companies can clearly articulate WHY they do WHAT they do. By WHY I mean your purpose, cause or belief - WHY does your company exist? WHY do you get out of bed every morning? And WHY should anyone care?People don’t buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it.We are drawn to leaders and organizations that are good at communicating what they believe. Their ability to make us feel like we belong, to make us feel special, safe and not alone is part of what gives them the ability to inspire us.For values or guiding principles to be truly effective they have to be verbs. It’s not “integrity,” it’s “always do the right thing.” It’s not “innovation,” it’s “look at the problem from a different angle.” Articulating our values as verbs gives us a clear idea - we have a clear idea of how to act in any situation.Happy employees ensure happy customers. And happy customers ensure happy shareholders—in that order.Leading is not the same as being the leader. Being the leader means you hold the highest rank, either by earning it, good fortune or navigating internal politics. Leading, however, means that others willingly follow you—not because they have to, not because they are paid to, but because they want to.You don’t hire for skills, you hire for attitude. You can always teach skills.Great companies don’t hire skilled people and motivate them, they hire already motivated people and inspire them. People are either motivated or they are not. Unless you give motivated people something to believe in, something bigger than their job to work toward, they will motivate themselves to find a new job and you’ll be stuck with whoever’s left.Trust is maintained when values and beliefs are actively managed. If companies do not actively work to keep clarity, discipline and consistency in balance, then trust starts to break down.All organizations start with WHY, but only the great ones keep their WHY clear year after year.
Empathy would be injected into the company and trust would be the new standard. Preferring to see everyone as human instead of as a factory worker or office employee, Chapman made other changes so that everyone would be treated the same way.
I'm a normal guy.
Something remarkable is worth talking about. Worth noticing. Exceptional. New. Interesting. It's a Purple Cow.
Ethical fading is not an event. It doesn’t just suddenly arrive like a switch was flipped. It’s more like an infection that festers over time.
People don't believe what you tell them.They rarely believe what you show them.They often believe what their friends tell them.They always believe what they tell themselves.What leaders do: they give people stories they can tell themselves. Stories about the future and about the change.
There’s barely a product or service on the market today that customers can’t buy from someone else for about the same price, about the same quality, about the same level of service and about the same features. If you truly have a first-mover’s advantage, it’s probably lost in a matter of months. If you offer something truly novel, someone else will soon come up with something similar and maybe even better. But if you ask most businesses why their customers are their customers, most will tell you it’s because of superior quality, features, price or service. In other words, most companies have no clue why their customers are their customers. This is a fascinating realization.
I wanted to be an editor or a journalist, I wasn't really interested in being an entrepreneur, but I soon found I had to become an entrepreneur in order to keep my magazine going.
I don't really think anything Microsoft does puts pressure on Apple.
My attitude has always been, if you fall flat on your face, at least you're moving forward. All you have to do is get back up and try again.
Commit to ignoring every single voice that threatens to undermine you. If it’s your mom, find a respectful way to tell her you want her love but not her opinion. If it’s your friends, tell them you are grateful for their concern but they have to choose to support you or fuck off. The only person you can’t ignore
Sin embargo, esta marca la pude desarrollar porque primero generé contenidos valiosos que hicieron crecer mi influencia.
You can’t just repurpose old material created for one platform, throw it up on another one, and then be surprised when everyone yawns in your face. No one would ever think it was a good idea to use a print ad for a television commercial, or confuse a banner ad for a radio spot. Like their traditional media platform cousins, every social media platform has its own language.
The way we make things better is by caring enough about those we serve to imagine the story that they need to hear.
Destructive Abundance happens when the players focus almost exclusively on the score and forget why they set out to play the game in the first place.
My job is to help more people have jobs.
How was your day? If your answer was "fine," then I don't think you were leading.
if we don’t understand the cause, then even the right answers will always steer us wrong … eventually. The truth, you see, is always revealed … eventually.
Great leaders, in contrast, are able to inspire people to act.
organization is driven by things other than their own
Seamos esos líderes que deseamos tener.
How can I create something that critics will criticize?
If you are making a decision based on how you feel at that moment, you will probably make the wrong decision.
It’s not an effort contest, it’s an art contest. As customers, we care about ourselves, about how we feel, about whether a product or service or play or interaction changed us for the better. Where it’s made or how it’s made or how difficult it was to make is sort of irrelevant. That’s why emotional labor is so much more valuable than physical labor. Emotional labor changes the recipient, and we care about that. Soft
Quitting is difficult. Quitting requires you to acknowledge that you’re never going to be #1 in the world. At least not at this. So it’s easier just to put it off, not admit it, settle for mediocre.
in virtually every industry the most trusted brand is also the most profitable. Frequency led to awareness, awareness to familiarity, and familiarity to trust. And trust, almost without exception, leads to profit.
Los empleados motivados contribuyen a hacer más sólidas las empresas, y más fuertes las economías.
No person will ever gain true power and stature in the world without the ability to persuade others.
Getting the job done has been the basis for the success my company has achieved.
The smallest viable market is the focus that, ironically and delightfully, leads to your growth.
People are usually astonished when a brand puts in extra effort to make them happy. That’s how rarely it happens, and that’s where you, whether you’re an entrepreneur or a big business, can separate yourself from the rest of the pack. Bigger businesses will be able to jump in on more conversations than others, but volume alone won’t raise a brand’s engagement levels—the quality of the conversation will.
Don’t be different just to be different. Be different to be better.
I think one of the biggest curses in the U.S. is that we have only two political parties.
Most of us live our lives by accident—we live as it happens. Fullfillment comes when we live our lives on purpose.
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.
We have a choice about where to aim the lens of our attention. We can relive past injustices, settle old grudges and nurse festering sores. We can imagine failure, build up its potential for destruction, calculate its odds. Or, we can imagine the generous outcomes we're working on, feel gratitude for those that got us here and revel in the possibilities of what's next.
Every company, organization or group with the ability to inspire starts with a person or small group of people who were inspired to do something bigger than themselves. Gaining clarity of WHY, ironically, is not the hard part. It is the discipline to trust one's gut, to stay true to one's purpose, cause or beliefs. Remaining completely in balance and authentic is the most difficult part.
Autenticidad La intención se reflejará en tu autenticidad.
Do not internalize the industrial model. You are not one of the myriad of interchangeable pieces, but a unique human being, and if you’ve got something to say, say it, and think well of yourself while you’re learning to say it better.   —David Mamet
Sorry that this e-booklet is so short. Actually, if I hadn’t spent so much time onit, it would be longer.
If you try to steal the giant’s lunch,the giant is likely to eat you for lunch.
If we were all rational, there would be no small businesses, there would be no exploration, there would be very little innovation and there would be no great leaders to inspire all those things.
There is no logical reason to think that a tire company should be a food critic, but a hundred years ago, Michelin tires started reviewing rural restaurants to encourage people living in the cities to drive farther and wear their tires out more quickly. Guinness created the Guinness Book of World Records to reinforce its brand and give people something to talk about in the pubs. Similarly, I predict that one day a brand like Nike could put out its own sports programming and compete successfully against ESPN, or Amtrak could launch a publication that could stand up to Travel + Leisure.
Most entrepreneurs donʼt think about money too much when they decide to start a business. Whenʼs the last time you asked someone at a cocktail party what he does, and he responded, “Every month, I generate more cash than I spend”?
People should only profit to the extent they make other peoples lives better.
Organizing around the average, then, is too expensive. Organizing around average means that the organization has exchanged the high productivity of exceptional performance for the ease and security of an endless parade of average performers. The
What we want, what we need, what we must have are indispensable human beings. We need original thinkers, provocateurs, and people who care. We need marketers who can lead, salespeople able to risk making a human connection, passionate change makers willing to be shunned if it is necessary for them to make a point. Every organization needs a linchpin, the one person who can bring it together and make a difference. Some organizations haven't realized this yet, or haven't articulated it, but we need artists. Artists are people with a genius for finding a new answer, a new connection, or a new way of getting things done. That would be you.
If you can discipline yourself to read, you can free up two years of your life for the good stuff!)
durability of customer relationships. Invest money in customer retention, because it’s a small fraction of the cost of customer acquisition.
Permission Marketing represents a huge threat as well as a huge opportunity.
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on; science and art are as well.
Los líderes débiles son aquellos que sólo ofrecen los beneficios propios del Círculo de Seguridad a sus compañeros ejecutivos y veteranos, y a unos pocos elegidos más. Cuidan unos de otros, pero no extienden la misma consideración a los que están fuera de su «círculo íntimo». Sin la protección de nuestros líderes, todos los que están fuera del círculo íntimo se ven obligados a trabajar solos o en pequeñas tribus para proteger y ampliar sus propios intereses. Al hacerlo, se forman camarillas, la política se anquilosa, los errores se ocultan en vez de exponerlos, se frena la transmisión de la información y la inquietud pronto sustituye todo sentido de cooperación y de seguridad.
Part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that’s more productive.
Leaders who fail are the ones who do it by themselves. Leaders who succeed are the ones who allow others to help them.
So though the majority of marketers and businesspeople are working with social media, a lot of them are still questioning the value of the platforms, and few respect them enough to fully invest, either financially or philosophically. It shows. It shows in the low frequency of their posts, the inferior quality of their content, the lack of ingenuity with which they approach each new medium even as it gains in popularity, and worst of all, in the shocking lack of effort put toward showing care and respect for any community that has formed around their business despite all the previously listed failings. Here’s
You don’t become indispensable merely because you are different. But the only way to be indispensable is to be different. That’s because if you’re the same, so are plenty of other people.
Expectations are the engine of our perceptions.
I don't think so, in that Virgin is already a global brand. Brands like Amazon have had to spend hundreds of millions of pounds you know, building their brands, whereas Virgin is already well-known around the world.
If companies don’t know why their customers are their customers, odds are good that they don’t know why their employees are their employees either.
It took thirty-eight years before 50 million people gained access to radios. It took television thirteen years to earn an audience that size. It took Instagram a year and a half. With
Simply ensuring that WHAT you do proves what you believe makes it easy for those who believe what you believe to find you. You have successfully communicated your WHY based on WHAT you do.
My new favorite word is 'awkward.'...The reason we need to be in search of awkward is that awkward is the barrier between us and excellence, between where we are and the remarkable. If it were easy, everyone would have done it already, and it wouldn't be worth the effort.
Building trust requires nothing more than telling the truth.
You know, this iPhone, as a matter of fact, the engine in here is made in America. And not only are the engines in here made in America, but engines are made in America and are exported. The glass on this phone is made in Kentucky. And so we've been working for years on doing more and more in the United States.
Disciplined, consistent, and persistent actions are more of a determining factor in the creation of success than any other combination of things.
Finding security in mediocrity is an exhausting process. You can work only so many hours, fret only so much. Being a slightly better typist or a slightly faster coder is insufficient. You’re always looking over your shoulder, always trying to be a little less mediocre than the guy next to you. It wears you out.
Tener tu propio negocio suena de verdad muy atemorizante y, en realidad, es mucha responsabilidad, pero Gary decía: ‘¿Qué es lo peor que puede pasar? Arriésgate. El mercado te dirá si tienes lo necesario o no’ ”.
TiVo finally shipped in 1999. Mike Ramsay and Jim Barton, two former colleagues who had founded TiVo, were certain the TV-VIEWING public was ready. And they may have been if only TiVo knew how to talk to them.
Quit the wrong stuff. Stick with the right stuff. Have the guts to do one or the other.
The gift is to the giver, and comes back to him . . .” —Walt Whitman
Anyone that suggests to me to do less is either not a real friend or very confused!” —
Questions to Ask About Your Twitter Content: Is it to the point? Is the hashtag unique and memorable? Is the image attached high quality? Does the voice sound authentic? Will it resonate with the Twitter audience?
The craftsman and the artist say, “Here, I made this.” The workingman is asked to follow instructions.
It’s not Bill Gates’s passion for computers that inspires us, it’s his undying optimism that even the most complicated problems can be solved.
I do love email. Wherever possible I try to communicate asynchronously. I'm really good at email.
The people who skip the hard questions are in the majority, but they are not in demand.
But the myth of job stability may be the least of our concerns. A 2011 study conducted by a team of social scientists at the University of Canberra in Australia concluded that having a job we hate is as bad for our health and sometimes worse than not having a job at all. Levels of depression and anxiety among people who are unhappy at work were the same or greater than those who were unemployed. Stress and anxiety at work have less to do with the work we do and more to do with weak management and leadership. When we know that there are people at work who care about how we feel, our stress levels decrease. But when we feel like someone is looking out for themselves or that the leaders of the company care more about the numbers than they do us, our stress and anxiety go up. This is why we are willing to change jobs in the first place; we feel no loyalty to a company whose leaders offer us no sense of belonging or reason to stay beyond money and benefits.
De hecho, los grandes vendedores que sobresalen del resto ni siquiera se dedican a las mismas cosas que el resto de las personas. Ellos piensan diferente, actúan diferente y trabajan diferente. Para ellos, su trabajo implica muy poco esfuerzo, pues entienden cuál es la manera de alcanzar sus metas. Ellos reciben grandes honorarios comparados con los de sus colegas y hacen ver a las ventas como una cosa sencilla de hacer, por lo que los demás creen que su éxito se debe a un talento especial con el que nacieron. Esto no podría estar más lejos de la verdad. Nunca he conocido a nadie que alcance grandes niveles de éxito y se deba a la suerte o la bendición de los dioses. Ellos son exitosos porque saben cómo hacerlo.
Leadership isn't something that people hand to you. ... [i]t's a gradual process, one where you take responsibility years before you are given authority. And that's something we can teach.
The market wants to see you persist. It demands a signal from you that you’re serious, powerful, accepted, and safe.
Settling is no fun. It’s a malignant habit, a slippery slope that takes you to mediocrity.
Leaders are the ones willing to look out for those to the left of them and those to the right of them. They are often willing to sacrifice their own comfort for ours, even when they disagree with us. Trust is not simply a matter of shared opinions. Trust is a biological reaction to the belief that someone has our well-being at heart. Leaders are the ones who are willing to give up something of their own for us. Their time, their energy, their money, maybe even the food off their plate. When it matters, leaders choose to eat last.
Our decisions are driven by feelings, sometimes (although not always) backed up by logic and reason.
It's clearly more fun to make the rules than to follow them. ~ Seth Godin
Being open is art. Making a connection when it’s not part of your job is a gift. You can say your lines and get away with it, or you can touch someone and make a difference in their lives forever.