It’s your discontent that drives you forward.
Only way to get anything done is to take responsibility for it.
Every successful person has a set of rules that make them successful. You can learn from others but you have to develop your own rules. Rules from your failures, your mistakes, your lessons of what works, what doesn’t work. Your success, your rules.
Only person responsible for your success is you.
No matter how young or old you are, you are ready to set on your path to success. Never too late. Never too old.
Either business owns you or you own the business. Difference is in planning.
To succeed, focus on your strengths. How to figure out your strengths? Write down everything you love doing. Ask your family and friends how they would describe you.
Success is in turning worrying into thinking and planning and doing.
One of the biggest lies:I will be happy when I have more money.
We spend our life only once. You can live your life however you want. But you only live it once.
Only place to lay the blame for everything is in the mirror.
Thoughts combined with action turn dreams into reality.
You can have any amount of success if you help enough people to succeed.
Give a 4 year old kid crayons and a piece of paper and the kid will happily start drawing whatever you ask 
There is no success if you are preoccupied with trying to play a role or trying to behave, speak, or act the way you think others want you. Be you.
If all you ever do is all you have ever done, then all you will ever get is all you ever got.
Keep moving throughout the day. Get up and move around every 30 minutes even if it’s for a minute. Never pass an opportunity to walk. You will think better and live longer.
Happiness does not come from buying toys. Happiness comes from doing. As does success.
Three ways to respond to setbacks: 1) Destroyed by the setback. Never recovering. Forever the victim. 2) Make it through the setback but afraid of new challenges, playing safe. 3) Use a setback to move forward. Define yourself by the challenges you have learned to overcome.
Focus on what you want, not when you are going to get it. Want. And action. Now.
When you are grateful, you generate positive energy. Gratitude combined with your goals and actions unfolds your dreams.
You decide, every day, all day, if you are going to be your biggest obstacle, or your biggest fan. Remember, your self
When you seek praise, you are giving up control of your life to others.
You know you are on the right path when people say:You are being unrealistic You are delusional You are not practical You are never going to make it This is never going to work
It does not matter how you got to here. What matters is what are you going to do now.
We are not determined by past events. You determine your life according to the meaning you give to what happened. Let go of the past. Live forward.
You can’t listen if you are too busy talking.
Nothing good is going to happen without hard work. Work hard. And harder.
When work feels like work, maybe you want to change your work. Or, go after your work harder.
Don’t ask: what is wrong here?Ask: what is right here?
If you want to succeed, learn to focus on what matters. Let go of everything else.
Complaining or blaming are not going to solve any problems. To succeed, take responsibility for your life.
Problems, crisis, difficulties are a sign of great opportunities.
Only person responsible for your success is YOU.
You can’t learn when you are talking. Listen more, talk less.
What you hold in your head has real power. That’s where everything starts.
If you want great success, first develop a great love and a great passion for whatever you do. Only when you are living and breathing what you do, you get on your path to success.
Stop judging yourself.
Stop spending your energy on things that don’t matter. Start saying yes to things that are going to move you along on your path to success. Remember you can do everything but not at the same time. Not everything is equally important.
The only difference between possible and impossible is your mindset.
It does not matter where you were. It does not matter where you are. Only thing that matters is where you are going now.
People will follow you if you give them a reason to.
Great relationships, work, love, friendship, all are based on respect for each other.
Don’t allow anyone to determine what is your worth. Don’t seek admiration. Don’t seek praise. Don’t seek approval of others. Only person whose approval matters is YOU.
No matter how much money or power one has, two things that can never be forced: love and respect.
If all your needs were met, how would you help others?
Past does not exist anymore. It’s over. Gone. Not coming back. Only thing that matters is what we are going to do now.
Don’t worry if people like you or not. That’s not something you can control.
You are not your school. You are not your clothes. You are not where you live. You are not the toys you have. You are not a success. You are not a failure. You are a miracle. As long as you are alive, all possibilities are open. Never give up.
Point of life is not to satisfy other people’s expectations.
Don’t judge. Don’t pity yourself. Stop saying:The other person is bad. It’s their fault. Poor me. It’s never my fault.
Don’t quit. Keep the faith. Keep doing your thing. Keep moving forward. Keep going. You are going to make it.
Manage your life and work so that money becomes your faithful servant, not your relentless master.
Success and self-reliance go together. Learning teaches you self
Your body and mind are constantly absorbing energy from other people. If you don’t feel good around someone, trust your gut. Stay away from them.
Success is in change. Start with small changes. Pick the smallest change. Now. Try it.
We are born as bright lights but then we grow up. We start believing what others tell us who we are. And, we no longer see the opportunities here and now. Don’t let anyone define who you are. Only person who knows your enormous potential is you.
Don’t ask: will I succeed?Ask: What is holding me back? And, what am I going to do about it?
Stop feeling sorry for yourself. There is no success in self
If you knew you could not fail, what would you do differently?
When feeling lost, think about what you really want. Be super clear. That’s your goal. Write it down. Ask yourself what you need to do to get what you want. That’s your plan. Figure out your first step. Now get on it and stay on it.
A bad reputation is much easier to get and tougher to lose than a good reputation.
When you feel resentful, before you start screaming, realize that the person you are mad at isn’t stopping you from going on with your life. Only person stopping you is you.
There is great power in writing down what you want. Be detailed. Be clear. Start. Now.
To truly understand others, see with their eyes, listen with their ears, feel with their heart.
Done is better than perfect.
You only find out who are your true friends and who are the leeches when you go after your dreams.
Your ambition is your main driving force. Highest summit is still to come. Keep climbing.
Optimism is one of the key foundations of success. Optimism starts when you take responsibility for your actions.
It’s okay to have a bad day because bad stuff happens. But there is no success in bad attitude. You don’t have control of circumstances but you do have control of your attitude.
Focus on what you are doing. Detach yourself from WHEN because results are not in your control. Process is. Your action is. Focus on what is in your control.
It’s not your past that determines your “now”. It’s your now that determines your past.
One of the keys to great success is your ability to compartmentalize. That’s what allows you to track everything and make things happen.
Big success is in sacrificing more in the short
You are either using time or losing time.
There is no success in pessimism. Stay away from perpetually negative people. Sky is not falling. Stay optimist. Have faith. And keep doing your thing.
Success is in doing more and more with less and less.
Life is all about growth. If you are not growing, you are not succeeding.
Remind yourself to say as you jump out of bed: It’s going to be a great day today. Yes, it’s going to be a great day today because I am going to make it a great day.
You learn far more from loss, failure, losing than from gains, success, winning.
Never think you are not good enough or that you are not talented or others are better than you or that you lack something.
No matter what happened, no matter whose fault it was, only thing that matters now is what is to be done now. And get on it.
2020 is going to be your best year. Because you are going to make it your best year. Happy new year!
Good things always happen even if they don’t happen when you expect or want them to. Just never quit.
What are you going to do differently in 2020?
2020 is the year to reach your full potential.
No matter what has happened in your life so far, it has no impact on how you live your life from now on. You, living here and now, decide how you are going to live your life.
Don’t worry about appearing stupid. Don’t worry about sounding foolish. Don’t be afraid of criticism. Only way to avoid failure is to do nothing, be nothing.
Don’t live for the approval of others. Only person who can approve what you do is YOU.
When you give up, you are giving up on yourself, you are abandoning your own ship.
Trial and error is the best teacher.
What turn nothing into something?Dreams Belief in youAction Never stopping Never quitting
To fail, to face adversity, to suffer is natural. It’s part of succeeding as long as you believe that things are going to get better. Over it, under it, around it, you are getting out of the situation you are in, stronger than ever.
Move with a sense of urgency.
Imagine a pill that makes people feel better, think better, be better, do better. Would you take such a pill? That pill is yours: daily exercise.
Before you can save others, save yourself.  Before you can take care of others, take care of yourself.
Everyone fails. Everyone experiences problems. It’s okay to fail. Just don’t attach yourself to failure. It happened for a reason. Learn from it. And let go of it. Success is in living forward.
If you want to succeed, no blaming, no complaining. Take responsibility for your life. Starting now.
Read it aloud. Keep reading until you believe it:I am not limited by my pastI am not held back by the challengesMy failures move me forwardBecause I am the master of my fateI overcome.
One of the greatest pleasures in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
When bad stuff happens, you can’t change the past. You can only move forward. Don’t panic. Don’t waste time blaming or complaining. Save your energy. Find something positive. Focus on what’s going to move you forward.
Don’t panic. Panic won’t change your circumstances. You control panic or panic controls you.
Only thing that stops you is you. When you refuse to quit, when you are absolutely committed, you succeed. Just a matter of time. Never quit.
We are either going up or down. Only way to keep going up is to keep learning.
You can’t climb smooth mountains. You can only climb mountains that have jagged edges. Difficulties, adversities, challengesis are a sign you are climbing the right mountain.
Everything starts with you. Your success. Your failure. Your attitude. Your momentum. Your mindset. Your character.
Why a few people are driven to perform while others appear to be going along for a ride?
Some of the biggest lies:It doesn’t matter how hard I try, I won’t make it.I am not smart enough. Others are better than me.I am not lucky.I will never be able to do it again.Because one thing is going wrong, everything is going to go wrong.
Fame and success often don’t go together. Fly under the radar. Stay humble. Stay striving. Keep succeeding.
Do something for someone else today without anything in return. You will feel good about yourself. It will energize you. Energy that will lift you higher.
A day to be grateful. Today. A reminder that we are here for more than just living our life. In gratitude.
Success is not about being anything and anyone other than who you are. Success starts when you realize you are great just the way you are.
It’s not your abilities or your talent  that make you successful. Yes ability helps but what makes you a great success is your drive. It’s your choice, your decision to be driven, to relentlessly go for your goal.
What keeps people down?Not defining what they wantNot acting on what they wantBelief that they won’t achieve what they want Not learning Not managing their time well.
If you can’t focus, it just means you have not found something you really want.
Who are you trying to please? Why?
There is nothing wrong with changing your mind.
Your best friend is YOU.
You can’t succeed if you feel in your head that you can’t succeed.
What takes you to the top Be organizedBe determined Be disciplined Be passionateBe an optimistBe flexible Be generous Always learning Always doing
Success demands focus. Focus starts only after you have clarity on what is it that you want.
People are drawn to those who are authentic. Being authentic means stop pretending. Drop your guard. Be real. Be comfortable with who you are. Give up urge to compare. Don’t worry about impressing others. Be you.
As long as you are alive, there is nothing you can’t overcome.
What you think about, you bring about. Everything starts in your head.
Don’t hesitate. Don’t doubt. Don’t worry about failing. You were born to do this. You are going to succeed. Just a matter of time.
To succeed, you need to understand, be crystal clear, why you want to do what you do.
It’s not the biggest, not the best, not the most talented who succeed. Success belongs to the underdog, mistreated and beaten down, at the margin of society, with a burning fire inside.
What is that one thing you want to be remembered for?
Stop worrying about doing things to please everyone. Start making decisions that make you happy.
Don’t waste your precious time and energy trying to play a role, or behaving or acting the way you think others want you to.
Nothing is permanent. Everything passss. Whatever you are going through will also pass. Never give up.
Try something new today.
Get rid of future tense. Future never comes. Future remains in future. There is no success in chasing the future. Time to do it is now.
You can be the best version of you. Or second rate version of someone else. There is no success in comparison. Focus on your strengths. Do your thing. Succeed.
Smile more often.
Thing that takes you to a higher level, that connects you to a greater version of you, that helps you succeed, that is your passion.
Everyone has to believe in something. If you want to succeed, believe in you.
Don’t fall asleep until you have reminded yourself of at least one thing that happened today you are grateful for.
When you are starting out, don't focus on winning the game. Focus on playing. If you are not playing, you are not succeeding.
There is only one you! Own the person that you really are. Being you is the only way to be free. Free to go after your dreams.
Everything is unrealistic until it is not. Be unrealistic.
When you are chasing your dream, when you stop tracking the time, when clock does not mean anything to you, when you are totally absorbed in action, when you are obsessively going after what you want, money will find you.
Everything starts with you.
Key that locks is also the key that unlocks. What you see as an obstacle is often also a solution.
Ego is not the same as self
You dont lose to competition. You don’t lose to anyone. You don’t lose to circumstances. You lose to what’s in your head.
You must believe in whatever you are doing, before anyone else is going to believe in you.
Don’t say: I will be successful. Say: I am successful. No matter how you feel, no matter where you are in your life cycle, no matter what you have or don’t, repeat all day: I am successful.
Often our biggest mistakes end up being our greatest blessings. Your best times are still to come.
It’s not the lucky or talented who make it. It’s the ones who don’t give up.
Stick around with peoplewho energize you who excite you who inspire you who help you growwho celebrate your successes.
Only a humble mind is able to learn. Arrogance and learning don’t go together. No learning, no success.
Laughing lowers your stress hormones, boosts your immune system and makes you live longer. Don’t take yourself too seriously. Learn to be silly.
Why are you so good at what you do?
Commitment means if you’re going to do this, there is only one way to go about it: all or nothing. This isn’t going to be a hobby or diversion. You’re going to do it because there is no other way. No matter what it takes. No matter how long it takes. You are never going to quit.
Create a routine. Routines save you time. Routines make you productive. Just remember to change your routines every few months.
Look for role models. Study history and biographies. They are full of role models. Your role models are your mentors.
Don’t talk bad about people behind their back. Don’t gossip.  Unless you say it to people’s face, keep your mouth shut.
There is no such thing as an overnight success. Everyone starts at zero. Everything starts small. Everyone has to struggle. Start from where you are, with what you have. Start. Now.
Resolve to not complain about anything for an entire week.
No matter how busy you are, exercise every day. Exercise makes you stronger, helps you live longer and boosts your self
Don’t set your opinions in stone. A successful mind is a mind that is open to new ideas.
Nothing grows in comfort zone. Do something today that causes you discomfort.
What book are your reading now?
A study found that there is only one difference between creatives and non
Small things are important. Make much of the little.
It does not matter how many times you fail, only thing that matters, the only thing that you need to remember is that you tried and that you are trying again, and that you are going to keep trying.
Make a practice of remembering your successes and paying less attention to your failures. You will soon start experiencing more success than you thought possible.
Remind yourself daily: You act, feel, perform in line with what you imagine to be true about you.
Read aloud, now, and keep trading it until you believe it to be true: I am in the right place at the right time, doing the right thing.
Working and learning are the best ways to stay young.
Everyone is born with some strength. Yet not everyone performs to their ability. Some wait for the ship to come in. Others swim to it. Most wait for the right circumstances. A few create their own circumstances, no matter where they came from, what school they went to or not.
Work hard. Work smart. Work. Always.
Trees, tall trees, gently move when the harsh wind blows. That’s how trees manage to grow. Ego makes you rigid. Stay flexible. Stay humble. Stay striving. Stay growing.
Don’t worry about superficial stuff. Don’t worry about appearances. Focus on achieving your goals.
Be more interested in what you can do for others than in what they can do for you.
Take responsibility for whatever is happening in your life.
There is no long
Fastest way to grow is to help grow those around you.
Money will buy you the best bed in the world but money won’t buy you a good night’s sleep. Often, the most precious things in life are things that money can’t buy.
Don’t waste your precious time and energy and money impressing others.
Only way to succeed is to fail over and over in life.
If you want to succeed, learn something new every day.
Time is not money. Time is far more valuable than money. You can always make more money when you run out of money. You can’t get more time when you run out of time. If you want to succeed, value your time.
You can’t change the cards you are dealt. Just how you play the hand.
What is that one thing you can do within the next 4 weeks that will make your life better?
There is no such thing as perfect. Goal isn’t perfection. Goal is growth. Goal is striving. Goal is success.
Never confuse early success with skill. Stay humble. Stay striving. Stay succeeding.
Your goals are the road map to your success.
Crowd waiting for band to perform. Band enters stage. And just stands. Instruments in hand. But not playing. Then the band leaves without having performed anything. That’s how most of the world is. Stage set. Band standing. But no music. Not you. Because you perform. Every day.
Nobody gives responsibility to anybody. You take responsibility.
Write everything down. Whatever you want to achieve. Whatever you think about, ideas, people, things, worries, achievements, failures, lessons. Write them all down. Writing clears your mind. Secret of success is a clear mind.
Be your biggest fan.
Don’t be superficial. People can see through fakes. Be real. Focus on your strengths. Focus on your goals. Focus on learning. And, doing.
There is no success In focusing on what’s wrong with you or why you feel worthless or why it’s not your fault. Focus on your strengths. Take responsibility. And, succeed.
You may not be in control of many things but one thing that’s always in your control is what is going on in your head. Remember success starts first in your head.
Success is often like standing on a rolling ship. You slip. You grab on to railing. You fall. Constant challenge to get up and push yourself to keep going. In the end, one of the greatest feelings is picking yourself up, getting up and try again.
Your attitude determines your life. Someone can be looking for reasons things can’t be done or why things don’t work, blaming destiny, others. Or you can face the situation, take responsibility, look for ways to make things happen and get things done.
Don’t focus on what is not. Focus on what is and what can be, possibilities, real and imagined.
Choose to make sense of your world yourself. Don’t accept others’ interpretation of your life.
Mozart was dirt poor. Henry Ford had no capital. Walt Disney was fired for not being creative. Albert Einstein was a lowly clerk. Pablo Picasso was depressed. Thomas Edison kept failing. Vincent van Gogh could not sell any of his paintings. Yet they never quit. Nor will you.
We don’t choose to be born. We don’t choose our parents or for most of us, when to die. What you do choose, what you do decide is how you are going to live. Drifting or with purpose. With defeat or inspiration. You decide what makes you significant or insignificant.
Dream big. See things as they are. Keep learning and doing. And, never quit.
At the end of the day, go through everything you got done. And everything you didn’t get done. What went wrong. What went right. What worked. What didn’t work. What did you learn?
No risk, no reward.
You change the mood of a room by the energy you bring into it. Negative or positive. Negative people suck the energy out of others. Stay away from them.
We pass our values to our children by what we tolerate.
Our darkest moments are when we feel life is out of control. Things are happening. Or not happening and we are powerless to change them.  From this moment, know that as long as you are alive, you have the power to choose, to create, to think, to believe, to work.
To be human is to be imperfect, to be flawed. It’s okay to have weaknesses. Partner up with others who complement your weaknesses. Nobody can be good at everything. But with the right partners, together, you can cover each other’s weaknesses and complement each other’s strengths.
Research shows optimistic people live longer.
Be you. Real you. Drop the act. Reveal your failures, your weaknesses, your setbacks. That’s what brings out the greatness you already have inside you.
Don’t waste your precious time and energy chasing get-rich
Don’t run away from your problems. Problems are a sign of things happening in your life. Tackle them. Learn from them. Deal with them. Solve them. No problems, no success.
All day you have choices to make. Sometimes choices are so overwhelming that we do nothing. Make a list of everything in your head. Choose 3 things that are going to take you closer to your goals. Get started on those 3 things and forget about everything else.
There is no lasting success without good decisions. You can’t make good decisions unless you deal in truth. Be positive but see things as they are.
Anxiety is the silent killer. Figure out whatever is making you anxious and deal with it. Anxiety on its own does not solve anything for you.
Don’t waste your precious time and energy wishing things were different. Things are as they are. Stop complaining and start doing.
Two questions that matter:What do you want to be known for?What are you known for?Your answer to the first question is your vision. Your answer to the second question is your reality. If you want to grow big, your job is to get from current reality to your vision.
You can have anything you want but you can’t have everything. Pick, choose, focus, obsess, do, succeed.
In the game of life, most people fail and decide to quit the game altogether. A few fail and think hard about why they failed, pick themselves up and are ready to play again. As long as you are breathing, keep playing. Because, you are no quitter.
Secret of success is not only to live but to have something to live for.
Everyone has the same 24 hours. How you use your time determines how successful you are going to be.
Think. But do more than you think.
Don’t wait for extraordinary opportunities. Secret of success is to get on the first opportunity that comes your way and start doing.
There is a reason, a why, behind everything you do. Often, it’s a layer of reasons. You do something because of a reason. Behind that reason is another reason. If you want to succeed, find out the real reason why you are doing what you are doing. That’s when true success starts.
Think of your day as a movie. At the end of the day, run the movie backwards from this moment, back to when you got up. What did you learn today? Spending these few minutes daily will get stuff out of your head, make you learn lessons of today and you will sleep better.
One of the biggest obstacles on our path to success are negative happening in your life. Don’t repress these feelings. Deal with them as they are happening. And get away from negative people.
Don’t go to sleep until you have taken a piece of paper and written down everything on your mind, ideas, pending stuff, everything you have to do tomorrow, this week, this month, this quarter.
Read it aloud, now, until you believe it. I love what I doI don’t compare I don’t blame others I follow up I finish what I start I keep my promises I am responsible for my life.
People who argue don’t understand. People who understand don’t argue. Don’t waste your time arguing. Stay learning. Stay striving. Stay succeeding.
Don’t take life for granted. You have been given a precious life. To be alive is to experience magical gift of life. Make every minute count.
Don’t be arrogant to think that success is easy. Or that you are better than others. Unless you want to be broke and alone, never think others are beneath you.
Good habits are the foundation of your success.
Staircase of life goes up step by step forever. There is never a top to reach as long as we live. That’s how it’s with mastery of anything, learning, success. No matter how hard it gets, no matter how tempted you are to ditch the process, don’t quit.
Traveler on foot in the hill country came to a village only to find his path blocked by a mountain. So he sat and waited for the mountain to move. He is still waiting there. Are you waiting at the side of the mountain or climbing the mountain?
No success, no amount of money, no achievement is enough if you fail as a human.
There is no success without failure. So prepare to fail. And, organize so that a failure won’t kill you. Survive. Grow. Succeed.
You can’t control most of your experiences but you do control what they mean to you. The way you respond to what happens to you is what determines the size of your success.
Learn your flaws and accept them because that’s who you are. Focus on your strengths. Because that’s what will take you far.
Try smiling at random people today. Do you realize how contagious your mood is?
You walk into a room, energize it, light it up, and make it feel amazing. Another person walks into the room with low vibe, low energy and bring the whole house down. Who do you think has better chance to succeed?
More responsibility you take for your life, more successful you get.
Quality of your relationships depends on the commitments you make and how hard you try to meet those commitments.
Quality of your life is determined by quality of your relationships.
Problem is never with other people. It is always up to you. Accountability means you keeping your commitments to others. Don’t make promises you don’t intend to keep. Great success starts with accountability.
Even when you don’t have all the resources you need, you have the ability to solve problems to use whatever you have to achieve your goals.
Pay attention to people in your life and work. Most of the time that’s all they need to get motivated. And, it will energize you.
Optimism is the combination of how you think, what you think, how you respond to life, how you connect your life to something bigger than you, and how you make it happen by doing.
Everyone has to start somewhere. And this start always begins with optimism. Negative attitude is not going to take you anywhere.
Only boring people get bored. Focus on learning. Pick a book. Invest at least 30 minutes reading something meaningful every day. If you want to continue to succeed, keep learning.
Start small. All big things start small.
Focus on opportunities right in front of you. Don’t look over the fence. Don’t compare if your neighbors have better opportunities. Start with what you have. With the dream you have. And never quit.
If you want to succeed big, do what you like in life, not what you feel you should do.
A dollar today is always better than a dollar in future. Have patience for everything except money 
When did you inspire someone else?
A paycheck isn’t going to make you rich.
What is going to happen next is entirely dependent on what you are doing now.
Failure is a teacher that gives you the test first and lesson after. Remember, failure is the fastest way to success.
You can’t get anything great done until you deeply believe in something better than the present.
Get rid of the idea that you have to have it all figured out before you start. Don’t wait for anyone. Don’t wait for a perfect time. Start with where you are, with what you have, from where you are. Now.
Be easy to work with. Unless you are Steve Jobs, people won’t want to work with you if you are a pain to deal with.
Some of the biggest lies:I can’t do it It’s impossibleIt’s not my fault I am just not lucky I will do it tomorrow
What if you were the one who is here to make the world a better place? What would you do differently?
Each one of us has a need and a want. Need converts to want. It’s the power of your want that drives your success. Be clear what your needs are. Be clear what you want. Write it down. Start. Now.
Stop thinking there is someone more capable or better than you. There is no success in comparison. Be clear about what you want. Focus obsessively on your goals. Work hard. And, never quit.
Your future can be drastically better than today if you are open to all possibilities and work like your life depends on it.
Don’t confuse popularity with success. Life is not a popularity contest. Do your thing. Be who you are. Because you are great just the way you are.
Everybody who has succeeded big believed deep down that they could. There is nothing more important than absolute belief that you can. Because you can.
Kids are amazing because they haven’t yet become afraid of failure. So they get up, fall down, get up again, fall down again. They don’t care about winning and losing. They crawl, move, constantly trying and learning. Every which way. Unstoppable. That energy is still in you.
If you have a dream, you have the power to choose to do something each day to get closer to your goal. Make sure your dreams are crystal clear. Write them down. Then get on it. And never quit. Start. Now.
Do not impose on others what you yourself do not desire.
Optimism is not about getting from here to there. Optimism is that voice in your head that gives you the  green light to chase your dreams. Be realistic but be an optimist. Remind yourself everyday: your best times are still to come.
You succeed in your head first before you succeed in the world.
Reason we don’t like setting goals is because setting goals means having to deal with our conflicting desires. You aren’t getting rich if you are spending all your time entertaining yourself.
Everything starts with your mind. Train your mind.
To make a good decision, you need to know where you are, what your choices are, and what facts are telling you. Remember, there is rarely only one option.
Life is a constant series of bets, all day, every day in a world in which nothing is certain. Secret to success is to admit what we do not know. Stay humble. Keep learning. Keep striving. Keep succeeding.
There’s no success without a goal. Goals make life simple. Making life simple is the key to great success.
To succeed, find something you love to do because if you are having fun, you won’t mind working a lot harder.
Waste less. Consume less. Save more. Do more. Succeed more.
If you want to achieve anything great, you have to be able to get up when you fall down, dust off and try again. Again. And again. Never quit.
Overwork. Underspend.
Our ego keeps us from seeing the mistakes we are making. There is no success in arrogance.
When nature gives you burning desire, it also gives you the means to satisfy them. All you have to do is dedicate your life to learning and doing and never quitting.
If you don’t take risk, you can’t succeed. If you don’t survive, you can’t take risk.
One of the most satisfying experiences in life is doing something when no one thought it was in you.
Yesterday’s profits don’t pay tomorrow’s bills. Stay striving. Stay succeeding.
Take care of your pennies and your dollars will take care of themselves.
Most important thing money gives you: freedom.
You can be nobody from nowhere. Yet you have as much in you as anybody else. It’s not the talent or where you went to school that matters. What matters is how much stamina you’ve got, how determined you are and how hard you are working.
Length of blood vessels in your body laid end to end are long enough to go 2.5 times around the earth. All the DNA in your body if placed end to end would stretch ten billion miles. Don’t take precious life for granted. You are here for a purpose. Get on it. And stay on it.
When you are convinced life sucks, when you can’t stop complaining about how miserable your life is, try to help those who're worse off than you. Go visit a homeless shelter. Go to a hospital to see kids diagnosed with cancer. It will help you get out of your despair.
What you get depends on what you aim for. If you aren’t aiming, you aren’t getting.
Stop pretending that you are anything other than what you are. That’s what sets you free. That’s what allows you to put all your energy and focus and time on whatever you are trying to achieve.
What do you really want? That’s your goal. No goal, no success. Not just a goal, but a clear, vivid goal. And it’s not a goal if you have not written it down.
Don’t put others in their place. Put yourself in their place.
Only stupid question is the one you don’t ask.
Great success starts when you can get others to understand the information the way you do.
To succeed in a game, you have got to be in that game.
There is much you can’t control in your life. But there is one thing that you do control: your choices. And it makes all the difference in your life.
If you want to succeed, know what you want, be super clear about it  and write it down.
External factors don’t determine your success. It’s all about what is inside you. Your attitude. Your beliefs. Your habits.
To seek attention or to pay attention? That’s the difference between average and successful.
Don’t burden your mind with stuff to remember. Carry a notebook and a pen with you at all times. Write down ideas, things to do, thoughts, anything that comes to mind.
Harder you work, luckier you get.
You can’t wake a person that is pretending to be asleep.
If you want your message to stick, keep it clear, keep it simple, keep it short. Simple. Clear. Short.
Focus more on what you want. Not on what you want to avoid.
If you see something being done below standard and you do nothing about it, you have created a new standard.
Most people take about 3 minutes to figure out if they like what you are offering. That’s what you have: 3 minutes to make your message across. Keep it simple, clear and to the point. Simple enough for a 10 year old kid to get it.
Nobody can deceive you. You deceive yourself.
Success is in discontent. Stay hungry. Stay ambitious. Stay striving. Stay succeeding.
All big things start small.
Don’t let anyone ever tell you that what you are dreaming is not possible. Don’t let anyone steal your dreams.
No change, no success.
If you want to change, stop being reasonable.
There is no growth or success in “playing it safe.”
Beliefs that kill success:Life is hard People are evil Learning is stupidReading is boringI am not good at anythingI am a victim of circumstances Whatever I do doesn’t really matter
Some days, nothing seems to work. Everything against you. Nothing seems certain. Only frustration, tension and stress. Those are the days when you are learning your greatest lessons. Remember that you’ve gone through this before and you will go through it again. Just never quit.
Nobody can fix your problems like you can. Only person who can fix your life is YOU.
Success starts when you stop thinking and start doing.
As long as you keep expecting someone or something to solve your problems, you are going to keep getting disappointed. Everything you need is in you. Start. Now.
There are things you believe. There are things you do. When you do what you believe, you are unstoppable.
Success is 1% idea, 99% doing.
Books are your most important friend.
You are unique. Original. Your experiences in life equally unique, original. No one can share your unique experiences. That’s why no one can tell you where is the end of the tunnel you have dug yourself in. Only person who can take you up is you.
Success is not about being a winner. Because for a winner, there must be a loser. Great success happens when you create something different, when you focus on what people want and not what you want to push.
Each experience in your life is a lesson. Each person you meet your teacher. Stay humble. Stay learning. Stay striving. Stay succeeding.
We know the value of people and things only after they are gone. Appreciate people you have while you have them. Now.
Surround yourself with people who support you. Hang out with people who inspire you.
Nobody can give you wisdom. All those painful experiences of your life, those doors that slam on your face, all those moments of discomfort, of frustration, of stress, of tension, that’s what gives you wisdom.
Your body works all the time to keep you going. If you did just a fraction of work, there is nothing you can’t achieve. What are you waiting for?
You have 37 trillion cells in your body, 50,000 of which will die, replaced by the time you finish reading this sentence. In a day, your heart pumps 100,000 times. That’s 3 million liters of your blood pumped in a year. It’s magical to be alive. So what are you complaining about?
Nothing is permanent. Nothing lasts forever. Never take anything for granted. Keep fighting. Never give up.
If you are not happy with what you have, you are not going to be happy with all that you get. Focus on doing, not on toys.
You know you are lucky when you have something or someone that makes saying goodbye so hard.
To succeed, be you. You can’t be yourself if you don’t know who you are. Don’t ask someone else to tell you who you are, what your purpose is, why you are here. If you want to succeed, this is something you have to figure out for yourself. Only way to figure it out: by doing.
We can live our life in a zoo or in the jungle. You are an entrepreneur if you choose jungle.
Biggest thrill is not in chasing the money but in chasing the feeling that we think will come from hitting the goal.
There is no success in perfectionism. Mistakes, flaws and failures are the keys to success.
What book are you reading now?
Do what you can, with what you have, from where you are. Start. Now.
Putting in time, feeling and focus: great success. Putting in time without feeling or focus: workaholic.Time & feeling without focus: can’t get anything done.Time & focus without feeling: Not going anywhere. Focus without time or feeling: just a job.
Your two most precious resources are your energy and time. Don’t waste them. What drains your energy and time? Constant negative thoughts, constant worrying, gossiping, blaming, complaining, doubts, being judgmental.
If you think you can, you are right. If you think you can’t, you are right.
Be careful of those who tell you it’s never your fault. That’s how they control you. If you want to succeed, take responsibility for whatever is going on in your life.
From those to whom much has been given, much is expected.
If you want to make it big, dedicate your life to whatever you are after. You are on the right path when you are living, eating, sleeping, breathing your goals. Working nonstop. Obsessed with whatever you need to get it done.
Future belongs to those who can do more with less.
Things, good and bad, expected and unexpected, are always going to happen to you. It’s how you respond to them that determines your success.
Have goals. Focus on your goals. Work hard. And, have patience. Good things take time. There are no shortcuts to lasting success. Don’t quit. Your best days are still to come.
Be self reliant. Success starts when you take responsibility for your life.
Like attracts like. The world is as you are.
Life is not just happening to you. You are creating it with everything that you are doing. Choices you are making from moment to moment. Right now. And it’s never too late to change your choices.
Success is not in asking what’s in it for me. Success is in asking what’s best for us.
Your biggest asset is your brain. Your mind controls your life, your confidence, your relationships, your purpose, your strengths, your success. Remember quality of your thoughts determines quality of your life.
You make success happen when: You choose goals You focus on themYou see, visualize the end result in your mindYou direct your mind, your energyAnd, action, action, action You fail, you fall down, you sufferBut you pick yourself upAnd, action, action, action.
Focus on your minutes. And your hours will take care of themselves.
Most powerful computer in the universe is sitting in your head, more than 86 billion cells at work every second, waiting for your instructions. Either you drive your mind. Or your mind drives you.
Don’t compare. Work on what you are good at. Find positives in your life. Learn from your failures. Work hard. Don’t quit. Stay grateful. Stay humble. Stay succeeding.
It’s human nature to count our problems but not our joys. If you want to succeed, and sleep well, make a list of all the things that went well before you fall asleep.
Don’t let others tell you what to do with your life. Question what you hear. Think for yourself.
Focus more on solutions, less on explanations. Focus on what you can do to improve the situation. And, get on it.
Today is not just another day. Today is a gift. A gift to us. Live today as if it was your first day and your last day.
You are who you hang out with. If you want to succeed, choose your company carefully.
On your path to success, someone somewhere gave you a hand. Now it is your turn. Help someone today.
Say less. Ask more.
Only way to figure out what you are good at is by doing more and thinking less.
There’s nothing as dangerous as an idea when it’s the only one you have.
If you are not enjoying what you are doing, you may be chasing wrong goals.
Don’t make important decisions when you are hungry or tired.
There is no success without risk. Not jump from third floor risk. Carefully managed risk. You are more likely to take a risk when you are not stressed. Chronic stress is what often keeps you from taking risk but there are no opportunities without risk.
What one human can do, another can do. Just never quit.
Bannister ran a mile in less than 4 mins in 1954. Until then, everyone thought it was impossible. Magic is soon others matched same feat. How? Human bodies didn’t suddenly change. It’s because once it became a possibility in other minds, they were able to do it too.
Thank you for being here and sharing your comments. I’m grateful to share with you my life lessons and of others that have helped me in my journey. I know these lessons resonate with you too. I love you all. Never stop trying. May all your dreams come true!
Life isn’t a popularity contest. Don’t waste your precious time and energy comparing. Focus on your strengths and keep doing your thing. And, never quit.
Read aloud, now:I don’t have control of adversity but I do have control of how I respond to challenges of life. I don’t regret. I don’t lament. I choose to pick myself up and get back on my path to success. I am committed. I am determined. I never give up.
If you want to succeed, don’t worry about outdoing others. Focus on outdoing yourself.
The way you think determines your life.
It takes you the same amount of effort to be happy or miserable. And, only you have the power to make you happy or miserable.
Focus on long-term success. That’s what makes you successful in the short
If you want to succeed, do just one new thing everyday.
Greatest wealth is yours when you act on your goals to serve others, make things easier for others, make life better for others.
Friday’s pledge. Read aloud, now:I am afraid of rejection but I choose to move ahead. I persevere. I never give up.
Game of life is not about who is a winner and who is a loser. It’s not about who is number one or who is the best. If you want to succeed,  focus on being strong enough and healthy enough to stay in the game for a long time.
Everyone, no matter how rich or not, no matter where they are in their life cycle suffers from feelings of inferiority. Difference between successful and average is in using these feelings to get better than you were yesterday.
Learning is about building on the knowledge, skills and wisdom we gain from others. With humility. Keep learning. Keep sharing. Keep striving. Keep succeeding.
Thursday’s pledge. Read aloud, now:Others have helped me. Now it’s my turn to help others. I give. I serve. I support. Not only I receive more when I give, it adds joy to my life.
Your character is who you are when nobody is looking.
No success without failure, disappointment, frustration, discontent, discomfort, anxiety, pain, suffering.  Don’t quit.
Many things catch your eyes. Pursue only those that catch your heart.
It doesn’t matter how the problem started. What matters is that you take responsibility for problems in your life. Don’t run away from your problems. If you want to succeed, run to your problems. Face them head on.
Wednesday’s pledge. Read aloud, now:I am not afraid of failure. I am doing things I am afraid of doing. I work hard. I am determined. I am committed. I never give up.
Happiness, love, wealth, success aren’t goals. They are by
Succeeding is like dancing. Don’t look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just do it.
Success is a process. A process of growth. Growth through pain. Pain of discomfort. Discomfort that stretches you, teaches you, takes you to however far you want to go.
Single most important thing that affects your mind is how much energy you have. If you want to succeed, learn to manage your energy.
Work hard. Make money. Succeed. But don’t sell your soul. Don’t cheat.  All the money in the world is meaningless if you feel empty inside. Do the right thing and be patient. Success is going to follow you.
Tuesday’s pledge. Read aloud, now:I don’t hang out with negative people. I believe in myself. There is nothing I can’t do. I have clear goals. I am committed to my goals. I never give up.
As long as you are breathing, everything is possible. Never quit trying.
Once a week ask yourself: What do you want from life. What do you really want? Take a piece of paper and start writing down. Don’t stop until you have poured your heart out.
At least once a month, choose to learn something new. Learn another language. Study history. Do an online course. Develop a new skill. Pick a new book. Write. More you stretch your mind, more opportunities you find. Keep learning, keep striving, keep succeeding.
One of the biggest obstacles to great wealth is an addiction to a monthly salary.
Monday’s pledge. Read aloud, now:I take full responsibility for my health, my happiness, my success, my life. I don’t blame others for my problems. I am committed to success. I never give up.
Success is in your imperfections and flaws.
Dear God, grant me courage to change things I can, ability to accept things I cannot change, and wisdom to know the difference.
Sunday’s pledge. Read aloud, now:I am grateful. I am humble. I don’t gossip. I don’t talk bad about anybody behind their back. I have faith. I am committed. I never give up.
All failures are short
Persistence combined with burning desire is like magic. It makes things happen that you never thought possible.
Take a piece of paper. Write down the amount of money you want to make. Don’t be shy. Make it an outrageous sum. Write down the date by which you are going to make it. Believe in you that you can make it. Keep that piece of paper in your pocket. And then action, action, action.
All successful, self
Don’t waste your precious time and energy comparing yourself with others. Life is not a competition. Don’t worry about being better than others. Focus on your strengths. Be clear about what you want. Do your thing and stay on it.
If you want to be busy, do more. If you want to succeed, do more of things that matter.
If you are not thriving in life, it’s a sign your battery is running low. What charges your life’s battery? Motivation, enthusiasm, gratitude, clear goals, hard work.
Your past doesn’t make you. But if you are a learner, your past does prepare you.
There is no success without challenges, struggles and setbacks. Never quit.
If you have never made a mistake, you have never tried anything new.
It’s your long-term goals that save you from your short
Keep your word.  Don’t make promises you can’t keep. If you commit to something, deliver.
Emotional vampires are people who suck all your energy and make you feel miserable. Don’t waste your precious time on toxic people. Stay away from them.
Genius is nothing but a great capacity for hard work.
Your mind drives your actions. When your mind is clear, you achieve goals faster, you feel energized, you get over obstacles quickly.
Great friendship starts when you can celebrate other people’s happiness with all your heart.
It’s your mind that determines the quality of your life more than anything else.
Don’t waste your time worrying about things which are not in your control. Focus on responding, not reacting.
Don’t be afraid of failure. There is no success without failure. More you fail, more you succeed.
There is no success without trust. Give trust to receive trust.
Little kids don’t eat much, don’t do drugs, don’t drink protein shakes or caffeinated drinks, yet they have so much energy, joy and enthusiasm for life. Because they have not yet learnt to complain, gossip, blame and compare.
Bad news is that you are responsible for your past. Good news is that you are responsible for your future.
Inspiration starts your motor. But it’s your follow through and commitment that puts you on your path to great success.
Learn to stand on your own two feet. Take responsibility for your success.
Positive emotions generate energy. Negative emotions consume energy. That’s why you feel so tired and drained when you are anxious or constantly worrying. That’s why you are energized when you feel enthusiasm, joy and gratitude.
People who succeed big don’t have any more talent than you. What makes the difference is constantly staying motivated, hard work and never giving up.
Don’t gossip. Don’t talk bad about anybody behind their back. This simple rule alone will change your life.
Be frugal but don’t spend a dollar fighting a 25 cents problem.
One of the biggest success killers: I am not good enough.
Anger is a form of communication. And in most cases a destructive form of communication. Learn to say what you want to say without yelling and screaming.
Optimistic people live longer.
Once you stop dreaming, you stop succeeding.
First figure out what you want. Then do what you have to do. And, never quit. That’s enough to take you wherever you want to get to.
Eat stress for breakfast.
Just because you think you are right does not mean the other person is wrong. You can choose to be successful or be always right.
Don’t just sit around complaining. Do something about it.
What puts you on your path to great success?high energydeterminationperseverancepassioncommitmentself-confidencegoal drivencontinuous learnerdoerself-starter self
Lose yourself in what you are learning. Become the thing you are learning. Success is in learning. Keep learning. Keep striving. Keep succeeding.
Don’t compare. You have everything in you to succeed and go as far as you want to go. Nature does not make copies. You are an original. Be yourself. Because you are the real thing.
If you are thinking like everybody else is thinking then you are not really thinking. If you want to succeed, think for yourself.
Stay away from people who are constantly telling you it can not be done.
Admitting mistakes does not mean you are defeated or that you are flawed or that there is something wrong with you. Admitting mistakes shows you are sincere, humble and trustworthy. That’s how you learn & grow. And, succeed.
You are the only one who is worried about how you appear.
Your life is not something someone gives you. Your success is not something someone gives you. You choose your life. You decide what you want. You do what you need to do to go after whatever you want.
If you want to succeed, focus on changing yourself, not others.
Think big to set goals. Think small to get them done.
Even if you have nothing, you can get to wherever you want. Just believe in yourself. Don’t listen to naysayers. Focus on what is in your control and do what you can do.
Someone who has completely lost their way in a forest, but strives with all of their energy to get out of it in whatever direction, sometimes discovers a new, unknown way: this is how “geniuses” come into being, who are then praised for their originality. Never stop striving.
Focus on doing what is right, not being right. And stay humble. It will make you comfortable with who you are so you can let go of fear of making mistakes.
Don’t go with the flow. Don’t follow the crowd. Unless you are a sheep, go against the current. Success is in swimming upstream.
Simple but true: setting high expectations is the key to your success.
Your experiences don’t make you who you are. It’s the meaning you give to your experiences that makes you who you are. It’s in your power to choose who you want to be. So quit complaining and blaming and get on whatever you are after.
Reason you are unhappy is because you want to be unhappy. Sounds crazy but think about it. Then do something even crazier. Make a decision to change your life, stick to that decision, and see your world change.
No matter how successful you are, stay down to earth. Stay approachable. Stay accessible. Stay easy to talk to. Stay humble. Stay striving. Stay succeeding.
Prayer is talking to God even if we are bitter or insane or broken. Prayer is taking a chance that against all odds and past history, we are heard when we speak in silence. Prayer is to know that we are loved.
You never stand still. You are either getting better. Or getting worse.
Most people work hard to get to a level that’s enough to support their life style. Then they settle down. Don’t be a hostage of your life style. Never stop dreaming. Never stop growing. Never stop succeeding.
Fight for your dreams. You may not be in control of what life throws at you but you are in control of the fight.
It’s a secret of human nature: we are shaped more by our goals than our past. Set goals. Write your goals down. Start. Now.
One of the biggest lies: I can’t control myself when I get angry and start screaming. If you want to succeed, learn to manage your emotions.
Is a diamond just a piece of a rock?Or a precious stone worth a fortune?It’s not the diamond that has the power. It’s you who give that rock the power. That’s exactly how you are. A diamond. But you think you are just an ordinary rock.
Maybe you didn’t have control of your past. But what you do from here on is your responsibility.
Don’t waste your time figuring out what others are doing wrong. Look for what they are doing right.
You choose to be happy. You choose to be unhappy. You choose to succeed. You also choose to not succeed. You are where you are because of your choices. And it’s never too late to change your choices.
Treat others just as you want to be treated.
No matter where you are in your life cycle, never give up faith in your great future. Your best times are still to come.
You don’t see things as they are. You see things as you think, as you feel, as you believe. Remember that next time you are about to complain that nothing works, that you are a failure, that you aren’t going to succeed.
If you are not happy with what you are getting out of life, take a look at your habits and beliefs.
It’s not about how the world is, how the circumstances are, how others are. It’s about how you are. Because you see the world as you are.
No is never the final answer. Never give up.
Remember everyone knows something from which you can learn.
Reason you are not happy is because you don’t love yourself. So you try to become like someone else. But you are already great. If you want to succeed, accept yourself.
Past is over. Unless you have a time machine, you can’t change the past. So let go of past. Focus on now. Focus on what you can control. Do what you can. Start where you are. With what you have. And never give up.
Don’t worry if the idea is original or copied. It’s not the idea, it’s the execution that makes you successful.
One of the biggest secrets of success: learn from what others are doing well.
Even if you think you don’t have any goals, you’ve goals you aren’t even aware of that are pulling you into some future, good or bad. Take control of your life. Set goals you want not the ones that have been handed to you. Set goals to create life you want. Write them down. Now.
What’s important is where you are now, and where you are going. Not where you were.
No matter what the task is, if it is worth doing, it is worth doing right.
What you lack in money, skills, knowledge and ability, you overcome with your never-say
More you focus on helping others succeed, the more you succeed.
If you want people to follow you, be predictable.
Success isn’t like a stroll in the park. Run at full speed.
Past doesn’t determine future. No matter what happened in the past, you have the power today to create a great future. Never quit.
Secret to big success is simple: If you think about achieving your goals and put your time, energy, and effort behind achieving them, what you think about most of the time is what you become.
To live a life you have never lived before, you have to do things you have never done before.
Don’t make decisions about your life based on what others think. If you want to succeed, think for yourself.
Nothing that lasts is accomplished quickly. Be patient. Keep doing your thing. Your time is coming.
Write it down on a piece of paper and read it daily: Set highest expectations for everything you do.
Income before spending.
Harder you work, greater stamina you build.
Failure, meSuccess, you Great success, us
A true leader serves others. And you have it in you to be a great leader.
You succeed by doing, not by thinking about doing.
There is no success without absolute commitment. Commitment means no turning back, no doubts, no giving up. Commitment means faith, energy, enthusiasm, and discipline. You have it in you.
Treat everyone with dignity and respect. It does not cost you anything, makes you a better human, and people will go out of their way to help you.
If you want to continue to succeed, share success with those who have helped you.
It’s just as hard to achieve big goals as it is to achieve small goals.
Surprise yourself today.
Nothing grows in comfort zone.
Don’t just reach for low hanging fruit. Great success is in stretching, in climbing to go after the highest hanging fruit.
Often those who make it big don’t have money or education but they make up what they lack with enthusiasm.
Every like or dislike you have is because of the life you have lived so far. Don’t be a robot. To succeed, question why you like or dislike something often.
In a world that is constantly telling you who you are, make sure you know what you want to be.
What gets you on your path to success: Trial and error. Hard work. Long hours. Focus. Obsession to take things beyond where they have been. Doing everything the best it can be. Never satisfied with your own work.
Continuous learning. Continuous improving. Continuous succeeding.
What book are you reading today?
Discontent is good. Stay ambitious. Stay hungry. Stay succeeding.
If your life is a book, you are only at the beginning. There are so many more chapters to come. Chapters for you to write. Your best days are still to come.
Never forget the value of hard work and money.
Your potential is the seed that has yet to sprout to become a tree. That tree has to wait for spring to explode into thousands of flowers. Your time is coming.
Because you are burning with ambition. Because for you good is never good enough. Because you are personally motivated. Because of your steel will to succeed. Because of your intense focus. Because you are constantly learning. That’s why you are going to succeed. Big.
Hang out with people who challenge you to become the best you can be.
Arrogance comes before fall.
Hard times never last forever. Never give up hope. Because nothing is permanent. This too shall pass.
Dear God, show me how to take who I am, who I want to be, what I can do, use me for a purpose greater than myself.
On average, we only have about 30,000 days on the planet. And then we are gone. It doesn’t matter what others think of you. It doesn’t matter how you look. It doesn’t matter what happened in the past. Only thing that matters is if you are fulfilling every day of your life. Today.
What is the belief that you have about yourself that is holding you back?
Simply put, secret to success has been about the same for the last 5,000 years: Stay healthy. Believe in you. Choose a goal. Plan how to reach it. Ignore naysayers. Keep learning. Focus. Commit. Work hard. Don’t give up.
Success is all about solving a problem. Bigger the problem, bigger your success.
There is no such thing as perfect time. Or perfect conditions. Time to start is now. From where you are. With what you have. Start. Now.
People who don’t do what they are supposed to do is because they don’t feel like it. Self
Keep reading until you believe it:Why am I so rich?Why do I spend less than I earn?Why am I so grateful for my life of abundance?Why do I find opportunities everywhere I look?
Look for facts, not faults.
Look back at your life for a moment. Whenever anything great that happened, that moved you forward, that stretched your limits, didn’t it make you a little uncomfortable? Remember, no discomfort, no success.
Only you determine what your reality is.
Welcome each day as one of great promise. Plan to do your best. Do your best. Reach within you and demand more than you think you can deliver.
Mother died. Husband abandoned her and their 3
Any client you have, no matter how small or big, treat them as your dream client.
Best opportunities come when you are not prepared. Prepared or not, seize them anyway.
Failure is a great teacher. Failure often simplifies, eliminates what didn’t work, removes noise, builds you a great foundation, and if you are humble enough to learn the lessons, failure stimulates momentum like nothing else.
Before your dreams, your goals, your purpose is your desire. And before desire, belief. Most people don’t believe they can achieve their goals so they don’t do much, giving up easily. You’ve got to believe first that you can. Because, you can!
Relationships are like bank accounts. Is your emotional account growing or shrinking?
More you are afraid of something, the more likely you are to attract what you fear.
We are taught to be afraid from the time we are born. That’s why we build an aversion to failure. Yet the only way even little babies learn is by trying, falling, getting up, falling again, getting up again. No success without failure. Don’t give up.
Change your view of you, change your life.
You may not have control of the outcome but you do have control over how you use your time.
Finish what you start.
There is no success in conformity. Don’t act and think like everybody else.
Most people who claim of overworking work less than they think they do. Calling something “work” does not mean it’s necessary or important or productive work.
You can get anything you want as long as you are willing to pay the price.
There is no success in a big step taken in the future. Success is a small step taken now.
You don’t attract what you want. You attract more of what you do and what you believe.
More responsibility you take for your life, more hope and control you have.
Be patient. Time brings opportunities one after another to those who work hard.
We get to places we don’t like because that’s what we chose to do. That means we also have the power to make choices to get to places we do like.
Once you reach the top of the mountain, you only go down. If you want to stay successful, stop thinking you have made it to the top. Stay humble, keep striving, keep climbing.
Comparison kills joy. No success in comparison.
No matter what happened, if you don’t take responsibility for where you are, you have no chance of changing your future.
What are you committed to?
Most people have a hard time asking for advice, worried they will be ignored. Truth is people who know their stuff are more than willing to share advice, flattered someone wants to learn from their experiences. Never stop asking questions. That’s how you learn. And, succeed.
Those who serve the most grow the fastest.
Worry not. Things always get worse before they get better.
What got you here won’t take you to the next level. Keep improving your game.
Imagine you are 90 years today and you are going to give a speech about life you have lived. What would matter most to you?
To keep people’s attention, vary the pitch of your voice. Unless you want people to fall asleep, don’t talk in a monotone voice. Get excited. Slow down. Go faster. Move your arms and hands. Be energetic. Your audience will stay fully engaged.
If you are not growing, you are not succeeding.
Everyone gets 86,400 seconds in a day. What do you do with all your time?
No matter how tough circumstances are, it’s in your control to have a great attitude, to give your very best, to treat people well, to be grateful for being alive, to give. Because as long as you are alive, hope is alive. Success is just a matter of time. Don’t quit.
Learn to communicate in simple, plain language. Simple enough for a 10 year old to get what you are saying.
Do you know of any pessimists who have succeeded big?
What you do matters. Don’t waste even a second wandering aimlessly. You have everything you need to act. Power to choose is in you. You are powerful. You matter.
Don’t let your history control your destiny.
Don’t shoot for easy goals. A goal without obstacles isn’t going to do much for you.
All big things start small.
Never stop learning. Learn from books. Learn from others. Learn by serving others.
No: I can’t take this any more. I quit. Yes: I can do it! I am doing it. If you want to succeed, practice positive self
Great fortunes are made investing in people, not ideas.
No shortage of opportunities for those who are dependable. Be reliable.
How can you fail when your failures are just lessons you are learning on your way to success?
Stop blaming your parents, your friends, the economy, the circumstances. When you blame others, you weaken your power.
Are you curious? Restless? Motivated by novelty? Burning desire to control your life? Open to new experiences? Drawn to learning? Obsessed with keep getting better? Great. Keep doing your thing. You are on your way to great success.
Only person in charge of your future is: YOU.
You become:What you readWhat you thinkWhat you believeWho you hang out with
Who do you admire most? Why?
Negativity is contagious. Don’t let negative people who question your dreams consume a single minute of your life.
Don’t run away from problems. Run towards your problems. Face them head on. Problems are the necessary steps on the road to your success.
Working hard, working long hours is not bad for your health as long as you have a strong purpose. Long hours become workaholism only when work and purpose get disconnected. Purpose, hard work and great success go together.
Whenever you feel stuck, take action.  Again. And again. And some more. More you do, better you feel. Start. Now.
Path to greatest success starts when you accept that you are responsible for where you are.
One common theme in the lives of all those who have made it big: failure after failure.
One of the biggest lies holding you back:It’s not my fault.
Nature does not make copies. Only originals. You are different because nature wants you to make a difference.
Two brains are better than one. Great success usually goes hand in hand with great relationships.
Learning is like raindrops on dry ground. Only a blade of grass that catches and uses a raindrop grows and prospers. Keep learning. Keep striving. Keep succeeding.
No matter how low you feel, remember something that has gone right today. Nothing succeeds like success. Even the smallest thing that went well today.
Remind yourself all day to bring as much energy and enthusiasm as you can to everything you are doing.
Obstacles inside you, fear and doubt, are the ones that you need to overcome before you can overcome the obstacles outside of you.
Waste nothing.
You have what you want. That’s why you have it. If you wanted something different, you would have done something different. Magic of life is it’s never too late to go after your dreams.
You can’t change your past but you have the power to choose your future by changing your actions now.
Purpose of motivation is to make you do the thing you have to do, when they need to be done, whether you want to or not. Stay motivated.
You have so much more potential than you can ever imagine but nothing is going to happen by talking about what you are going to do. Talk less. Act more.
Difference between success and failure is simple: habits.
Have pride in your work. But don’t let pride get to your head. Nothing blocks us more than pride. If you want to continue to stay on your path to great success, stay humble.
Nothing great is going to happen as long as you are holding a negative view of who you are.
Don’t read passively. Engage with what you are reading. Take notes. Be on the lookout for something that will change everything. Just one idea is enough to transform your life forever.
To move from panic to cool, put into words what you are feeling.
If you choose to hang out with chickens, you will learn to scratch at the ground. If you choose to hang out with eagles, you will learn to soar. You are an eagle. That’s your destiny. To fly.
Read and listen only to what increases your belief in you and your future.
At least once a month, write down:Where are you going? Who must you become to make it happen?What do you need to do to get there? Who do you want to come with you? What is the next step?
You’ve got to believe you are going to succeed. You know there will be obstacles. There will be pitfalls. Things will not go as planned. People will laugh at you. But you are not going to give up. Because you already know you are going to win.
There are generations yet not born whose very lives depend on the choices you are making because everything you do matters. Remember that before you do something stupid.
Don’t ask: what if I fail?Ask: what if I succeed?
You are unique. Different from everyone else. There has never been one like you. And there will never be one again. Don’t try to be someone. You are great just the way you are.
Don’t go with the flow. There is a comfort in crowd, but no success. Don’t be afraid of being alone. Keep doing your own thing. World will follow.
No matter where you come from, no matter what you’ve been through, you have it in you to succeed. It takes hard work. It takes smart work. It takes staying true to your values. You are going to make it big. Just never give up.
Read it aloud. Now. The buck stops with me. I accept responsibility for my past. I will not let my history control my destiny.I am responsible for my success.
Success is a game, not a war.
Forget your weaknesses. Stop fixing them. There is no success in dwelling on your weaknesses. Focus on your strengths. Build on your strengths. And, never quit.
As long as you are alive, no goal is impossible. Just don't quit.
We are designed to be goal striving beings. That’s why we feel incomplete until we are functioning as we were made to function. As a goal seeker and striver. Remember, no goals, no success.
From the moment you wake up, as soon as you open your eyes, you start paying attention to something. Keep your attention focused on what you are after. Success is in singular obsession.
Just because you failed at something does not mean you are a failure. You are not a failure. You do things which fail or succeed. And failing is just a stepping stone to succeeding.
You can’t rise above how you see yourself.
Life is not a package in a store, each package labeled and you know what is what. Life, creation, passion are a mystery. Don’t look for and don’t depend on ready
You can learn almost any skill with practice and persistence. It’s almost never easy in the beginning but with time, you are going to master whatever you are after. Just never quit.
In our celebrity worshipping culture, it’s easy to think others are better than you. Don’t believe it. Nobody achieves success without failure, hardship, disappointment & ridicule. It was just as hard for those who made it as it’s for you. You are going to make it. Never quit.
What are you doing to realize your potential fully?
Don’t let your self
Almost all big mistakes are made when we think things are going well.
Say good things about others behind their back.
No matter where they are in their life cycle, everyone fails. Difference between successful and average is how you get up, dust yourself off, learn from your mistakes, and get back into the game.
When you are focused on doing what you love, you think more clearly, you generate more positive emotions, you become healthier, you experience the glow of what it feels like to choose your destiny.
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care.
Remember to smile, often. It does not cost anything, cheers those around you and puts you in a better mood. Smile. Now.
Learn to write down whatever you are thinking, feeling, wanting, experiencing. Get stuff out of your head. Free up your mind. No success in a cluttered mind.
It’s okay to criticize as long as you:1) Criticize in private2) Make it clear that you are criticizing action, not the person3) Use it as an opportunity to grow the person you are criticizing
Love what you do. Do what you love.
Avoid the plague of “not enough”...money, time, things. Catch yourself whenever your mind starts playing “not enough” tape. Focus on being thankful for what you have, focus on serving others and you will never have to worry about “not enough.”
Most of the body problems are a signal. Don’t ignore them. Your body is trying to tell you what it needs. But only if you are willing to listen. If you don’t, your body will start shutting down to get what it needs. Remember, your body keeps the score.
Before you complain about what sucks in your life, ask what is your life trying to teach you?
Your life is not something that someone gives you. Your life is what you choose yourself. You are the one who chooses how you live.
Research shows 55 percent of employees cite the ability to inspire as the single most important thing they want from their leader, and yet only 11 percent say their current manager is inspiring.
You act like the type of person you believe you are.
Unless you work at a hospital, don’t treat everything in life as an emergency.
Being a leader means being responsible for others.
We always know what is the right thing to do. Knowing is not enough. Magic is in doing. That’s what creates great success. So what are you waiting for?
When feeling stressed, overwhelmed, take a piece of paper and start making a list. Any list. List of things you have to do. Books you have to read. Places to go. List of friends. Goals. Anything. It will help bring order and peace to your mind. Try it. Now.
When people say life is meaningless, that’s a sign their intellect is running their life. Intellect can move fast but it’s blind and afraid. Purpose does not come from your mind. Reach into your heart to find meaning and purpose of your life. Mind can run but only heart can see.
When you succeed, you will also succeed in making some people unhappy.
We often haunt ourselves with ghosts of the past and our distorted imagination of the future. But the truth is that you only have present moment to use your potential. Get on it. Now.
Dear God, show me how to take who I am, who I want to be, what I can do, and use me for a purpose greater than myself.
Most of our suffering arises from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone. Try it.
Never go to bed thinking “I could not get enough done today.” Don’t get up thinking “I didn’t get enough sleep.” Replace “not enough” with “what do I want to celebrate about today?”
Once a week remind yourself to write down where are you going in your life? Start. Now.
You are not a puppet. You are not a product of circumstances. Don’t feel good when things are good. Don’t feel bad when things are bad. Don’t change your self
Inspiration starts your motor. Habits keep you going.
People say time is money. Time is more than money. You can always make money but you can never make time. Use it wisely. Make it count.
Let go of bad stuff of the past. Why keep dragging it into your great future?
You get what you expect. Not what you desire. Not what you want. But what you expect deep down.
No matter where you are in your life cycle, remind yourself everyday, your best days are still to come.
How to keep your audience engaged?1) Tell them what you are going to talk about. 2) Say it. Be direct. To the point. Brief. Simple. Easy to understand. 3) Then tell them what you just said.
Know your emotions and how they affect you. Deal with your feelings. Feelings affect your success.
One of the secrets of success: focus your energy on what you do best.
Whenever you experience a setback, ask yourself: how can I improve my performance. Success is in keep getting better. Small steps. All day. Every day.
Most people who go for plastic surgery to improve their “looks” say they still feel unattractive, even after surgery. It’s not how you are but how you perceive yourself to be. Remember, the world sees you as you see yourself.
Ask yourself throughout the day: what is the best use of my time right now?
To train for circus, baby elephants are roped to a stake. They try to get away but are too weak, eventually giving up. That’s what they remember. When they grow up, they remain passive, never trying to get away when they have a rope around their neck. What rope are you tied to?
Others will think of you only as important as you think you are.
You succeed when you build trust. That means taking the time to get to know the person. People will go out of their way to support you if they trust you.
Throughout the day, give yourself a mini motivational talk. It will keep you energized and motivated. Just keep reminding yourself that you are a top performer and you can do it. Yes, you can!
Learn to manage your emotions. Bad attitude and success don’t go together.
You, and only you, are ultimately responsible for how successful you become. Nobody else.
If you want to succeed, stop worrying about looking foolish, stupid, or silly. One of the best ways to learn is by asking questions.
You spend most of your time asking yourself negative questions. Why can’t I do it right? What if I fail? Negative questions lead nowhere. To succeed, train yourself to ask inspiring, possibility filled questions. Quality of your questions affects quality of your life.
Learning and earning go together. More you learn in the school of hard knocks, the more you earn.
Great success follows dreamers who dream big AND work hard all day, everyday to make it happen. One small step at a time. Start. Now.
When making a presentation, pause for a second or two every few minutes when you talk. It’s the space between the notes that makes the music.
What do you care about most in your life?
Don’t think small. Don’t put limits on your life. Today is the day to make a list of your wildest dreams and start going after them. Start. Now.
No matter how productive you think you are, without a purpose you are just busy. Being busy is not necessarily the same thing as being successful.
How do you build your strengths?First figure out what you are good at. Then never stop learning and improving.
Success is in trying something that fails, then figuring out what works instead.
One of the greatest experiences of life is to go after something big. You feel the thrill, you move fast, you get up with a purpose in the morning. You can only succeed or fail. And, failure is only a step to great success.
Achieving goals matters but what matters even more is how much you stretch yourself to reach your goals. Even if you momentarily fail, the experience of stretching yourself is greatly enriching.
Spend today a few minutes thinking how could you make 100 times more money than you are making today?
What would you do if you knew you couldn’t fail?
Stay hungry. Stay foolish. Stay learning. Stay succeeding.
Don’t be superficial. Go deep into whatever you are doing. Know your stuff. Keep learning. Keep striving. Keep succeeding.
Single focus and commitment. Every day. No wavering. Absolutely no doubt that you are going to succeed. Big.
Negative thinking hurts your immune system.
You are what you think about most of the time.
Failure is never pleasant. Yet, painful, humbling failure is the best thing that can happen to anyone who wants to climb to the top of the mountain. Remember, no failure, no success.
Look up at the sky this evening. Galaxies full of stars and planets moving like clockwork in an ordered and organized universe. It’s natural for us to live an ordered and organized life too. To succeed, build rhythms and routines in your life.
Some of the biggest lies:It’s my parents faultI didn’t go to the right school Only a few people are born smartI am not lucky It’s never my faultIf only I had…If only circumstances were different…If only I could…
If you set a goal, your mind has no choice but to achieve it.
Take a piece of paper and write down at least 10 things you do really well. Then, reduce that list to 3 things that you are exceptionally good at. You are on your way to realize your top strengths. Repeat this exercise every week.
Nobody is born with a clear idea of their strengths. You have to figure it out yourself, action by action, through trial and error, through doing and failing. And, once you find what you are good at, you are unstoppable.
You will have plenty of time to be comfortable when you are dead. If you want to succeed big, get comfortable with discomfort.
Feelings that create success:Caring, kindness, humility, forgiveness, gratitude Feelings that destroy success:Anger, comparing, blaming, arrogance, judgement
Don’t be the smartest person in the room.
Who says you aren’t good enough? You do.
If you want to succeed, focus on what is in your control.
What book are you reading now?
Happiness, success, fulfillment. Not something you get from another person. You lead life. Life doesn’t lead you.
As soon as you open your eyes in the morning, remember to be grateful for being alive, to be here, to have another chance today to get it right.
Your values are what you do when no one is looking.
Without self
The whole world starts working for you once you definitely commit yourself to your course of action. Decide. Commit. Do. Start. Now.
Two reasons most people fail:They are not using their strengths. They quit too soon.
It’s not the ideas that matter but turning ideas into dollars. Only three things to do: keep learning, trial & error and never quitting.
Everyone changes. Secret of success is to change before you have to.
Success demands incredible energy and delight for life, no matter how you feel. Welcome each day as an exciting new adventure even if everything is falling apart.
Live a life true to yourself.  There is no success in living a life that others expect of you.
Faith is the opposite of fear. Have faith.
Don’t exaggerate the size of your problems. Don’t believe a problem is permanent. Nothing is permanent. Everything passes. Believe in your ability to solve problems and get going on it.
You become who you hang out with. Stay away from perpetually negative people.
Love yourself before you can love others. If you don’t take care of yourself first, how can you take care of others?
To stay energized, exercise. You think better. You think clearer. Your concentration improves. If you don’t want to go to gym, go for a walk. Even 10 minutes of walking a day will do wonders for your body and mind.
Only lesson history teaches us is that nobody learns anything from history. That’s why history continues to move in cycles.
Only work half day 
Success is doing things even when you don’t feel like doing them.
Businesses don’t fail because they run out of ideas. Or because they don’t have profits. Or because they don’t have good people. Businesses go broke because they run out of cash.
You keep what you like. If you like money, don't spend it. Keep it. Learn to invest it to create, build and grow.
You know you are following your passion when you love your life.
If you want to get the best of everyone, criticize ideas not people.
Stop complaining. Nobody cares. Take responsibility for your life. Focus on what you want and get on it.
Stop talking about what you are going to do. Just do it.
Self pity is the worst kind of selfishness.
Until you learn to say no, you can’t say yes to success. Not everything matters equally. Focus on what you want. Get on it. And, stay on it.
You weren’t born so you can give up whenever you are challenged. Fight for what you want.
Reason you are trying to please everyone is because you fear being rejected for who you really are. Be you. Because you are great the way you.
Nobody else can make you happy. Only person who can make you happy, successful, thriving is YOU. You must choose to be happy, to thrive, to succeed.
Actions equal dollars.
Don’t break promises you make. If you are not serious about meeting a commitment, keep your mouth shut. Your words have power. And, your actions shape your life.
Read aloud, now:I am excited about my lifeI love my work I am highly organized I am a master of my mind I am always uplifting others I am grateful
You can have freedom or security. More you gain of one, the less you have of the other.
Problem with pessimistic people is they act defeated before they even start. Have an optimistic mindset. Go after whatever you are after. Because you can.
If you could rewrite your life history, what changes would you make?
Think today about what needs to happen in your life for you to become transformed into something you can only dream about today.
If you know where you are going, you have a much higher chance of getting there.
Five questions that matter to put you on your path to great success:What do you want?Why?What do you have to do?What could get in the way?How do you know you are on the right path?
Some of the biggest lies: I will start tomorrow Others are better than meI am not good enough I don’t have time This is the way I am
When you don’t deal with your emotional problems, your body does. Deal with emotional problems before they start causing physical problems.
The hardest thing about doing the right thing for yourself is you usually have to do it alone.
There is a list of  reasons a mile long why you can’t do something. But there is only one reason you can do something: because you believe you can.
You can’t control clients or the revenue or the competition or the markets. Only thing you can control is cost. Waste is the enemy of success. Constantly reinforce a focus on controlling costs.
When you really want something, you find a way. When you don’t really want something, you find an excuse.
Most of the beliefs we have saved in our heads about us and others are nothing but lies. And, we suffer because we continue to believe these lies. When you let go of all the anger and hate of the past, your mind reboots, refreshes and gets you focused on your goals.
Take a few moments today and write down what your strengths are. Also write down what your weaknesses are. To succeed, forget about your weaknesses, and focus entirely on your strengths from today on.
Your life is up to you. Everything else is a lie. You choose your success, your happiness, your worth because only you control your life.
Comparison is the death of energy, dreams and success. Don’t waste your precious time and energy comparing yourself with others. Only thing to compare is with you of yesterday. Focus on getting better. Not comparing.
Nobody got rich with a salary.
If you want to succeed, don’t wait for the right day, or luck, or a sign in the sky. Time to start is not some day when everything is perfect. Time to start is today. Right here. Right now.
You can do it. Whatever you are after, you can do it. When life is throwing you roadblocks, figure out ways to get around it. Yes. You. Can. Do. It.
Struggle, pain, suffering, rejection, doors slammed in your face are a sign you are striving after worthy goals. Don’t give up.
Don’t expect different results if you keep doing what you have always done.
Learn from others. Improve yourself. Get better than your yesterday. But be you. Because you are great just the way you are.
When you don’t appreciate what you are doing, the world will not appreciate who you are.
Last words of Steve Jobs before he passed away: “Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow."
Begin each morning being grateful for being alive, for another opportunity to go after your dreams. Best days of your life are the ones you start with grace and gratitude.
When you take care of your body, your body takes care of you.
It’s okay to copy an idea. Secret is to execute it better.
Nothing happens until you decide. If you want something to happen, you first must decide you want it to happen. Only once you make up your mind, everything becomes clear. No clarity, no success.
Success is not about winning a popularity contest. Don’t worry if you are not liked by everyone. Learn to ignore personal criticism.
If you want the best this world has to offer, offer the world your best.
Way to the top is not easy. You fall. You get bruised. You become obsessed. Single minded devotion. Crisis after crisis. Wear & tears. Toll on your life. Is it worth it? Hell, yes! So quit complaining. And get on it. No maybes. No doubts. You are on.
You receive from the world what you give to the world. What you put out comes back.
Words are cheaper than actions. Talk less. Do more.
Pursue not ideas but money in ideas. Execute. Execute. Execute.
BelieveImagineStartCreateExecuteDeliverSucceed
Anything is possible. You are far more capable than you think. Never let go of faith in you.
Success happens when you help others accomplish their goals.
If there is one thing life teaches you: when you get a chance, go for it.
Road to fulfillment:Focus on your strengthsInvest in learningLearn to savor natureExpress gratitude and spread kindness
Whatever you do, do it with urgency. Move fast. Act fast. It will energize you, motivate you and keep you on your path to success.
Hardest experiences are often the ones that teach us the most.
Dear God, please show me who I really am.
Happiness is having something to work on, something to hope for and someone to love.
Never take life for granted. Never cease to be amazed by the delights of life. Never lose the possibility of seeing the world with wonder. To be alive is the most awesome gift.
Whenever trouble comes your way, remember to ask yourself: What is this about? What am I supposed to learn from this experience?
It does not matter if you reach your goal or not. Only thing that matters is if you decide to get back on your feet, no matter how many times you fail.
Nobody is born to shrink down. You came to this planet to grow, to blossom, to succeed. Quit complaining. Figure out what you want. Get on it. And, never stop.
If you want great success, think of the world as a classroom. Each experience is here to teach you something.
Dream big, very big. Work hard, very hard.
Life’s journey is about becoming more of who you are.
It can upset people when you exceed limited expectations they have for you. Stay away from such people.
It may not be your fault if you have had a screwed up life. But it is your fault if you stay screwed up.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Don’t attach yourself to outcomes. Be patient. Keep doing your thing. It is going to work out for you in the end.
Our ego is trained to reject anything that doesn’t deliver instant gratification. You’ve got to sacrifice short-term pleasures for long
The best place to start is at the beginning.
Your success is a direct result of your vision, your goals, self
As long as you worry about what others think of you, you are owned by them. You own your life only when you don’t need approval from others.
Less than 1% of the world is fully living its potential. Are you living yours?
Don’t be content. Don’t be satisfied. Stay hungry. Stay ambitious. Stay striving. Stay succeeding.
Focus on what you want and you are going to find what you are looking for. Just be sure of what you want.
Unless you want your dreams to die, don’t hang out with people with dead dreams. And, never quit.
You are the designer of your life the way it is. Nobody else.
When one door closes, try another door. The world is full of doors. Eventually you will find yours.
Best way to learn is to teach what you are learning.
If you want to succeed, don’t live your life based on someone else’s expectations.
Read aloud, now.I am committed to my dreamsI am passionate about my future I don’t care about the past I don’t complain I don’t blame I live forwardI work hardI have faithI don’t quit.
True meaning of courage is to be afraid and still do it. Don’t worry. You aren’t the only one afraid. Everyone, no matter where they are in their life cycle is afraid of something. Yet those who succeed do it anyway.
Hang out with people who believe you can.
You are only leading if others are following. If they aren’t following, you are not leading.
What are you most afraid of?
Whatever you do, do it with great enthusiasm.
If you want to succeed, don’t compare. And, don’t be jealous of others.
Whatever you fear most has no power. Fear only has the power you give. And each time you give power to fear, it robs you of your precious energy and time.
Let your work speak for itself.
You can’t go wrong with these four things:Follow through on your commitmentsHave a mindset of givingTreat your body like a sacred templePut family first
Most of the time, whatever makes you most anxious is exactly what you need to do to grow and succeed.
Don’t run away from your problems. If you want to succeed, meet them head on.
To succeed, to overcome setbacks, you need energy. Most powerful source of energy? A good sleep. Good quality sleep helps repair your body, regenerates your muscles, improves blood pressure & recharges your mind. And, gives you energy to stay on your path to great success.
Most of the time your mind just makes up stuff. Something happens and you have a thought about it. It’s not always the reality, it’s your perception of reality. Never give up.
One of the biggest lies: “That's just the way I am.” You are the way you are because you choose to be the way you are. You have the power to change, to adapt, to learn, to grow. And, to succeed.
In what way are you going to improve this week?
Your success is your responsibility, nobody else’s.
When you are working hard, it’s natural to keep running into obstacles, to feel stressed and tense. It’s okay. Everyone who succeeded before you faced the same challenges. Yet they made it. And so will you. Don’t quit.
Dear God, grant me courage to change things I can, ability to accept things I cannot change, and wisdom to know the difference.
Life is too short to have a bad attitude. And, there is no profit in it.
Most people see problems. Some come up with solutions. Only a few go out and do something about it. They are the ones who succeed.
Take your work seriously, not yourself.
The real currency of success is trust. No trust, no success.
Stop pretending to be somebody else. Greatness is in you, waiting for you to realize that.
It took Edison 10,000 failures to create the light bulb. Mozart wrote music for 10 years before creating one of his famous pieces. Einstein’s teachers thought he was mediocre. Yet they all made it big. Because they worked really, really, really hard. So can you.
Two greatest days of your life:The day you were born The day you figured out why.
When hit by a setback, snap out of it by asking yourself how you are feeling, what lessons did you learn, and what you are going to do about it now.
There is no success if you don’t take a chance. No risk, no failure. No failure, no success.
What book are you reading today?
Don’t give up on people. You have no idea how you may be the answer to someone’s prayers.
You are not as good as you think when things are good. You are not as bad as you think when things are bad.
Know the difference between frugal and cheap. Cheap is focusing on cost. Frugal is focusing on value. To succeed, be frugal.
Remind yourself every morning, you, you alone, are in control of your destiny.If you’re not taking risks, you’re probably working for someone who does.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Old ways wont open new doors.
Stick around with peoplewho energize you who excite you who inspire you who help you growwho celebrate your successes
A dream written down with a date is a goal, a goal broken down into steps becomes a plan and a plan backed up by action makes a dream come true.
May the best of you be still upon your sleeve.
Rich people believe “I create my life”. Poor people believe “Life happens to me”, so stop blaming other people for your problems, own them and move on.
“Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time.”
“Never spend your money before you have earned it.”
Business opportunities are like buses, there is always another one coming.
The most important thing to do when you find yourself in a hole is to stop digging.
It’s the failure that gives you the proper perspective on success
The only way to get ahead is finding errors in conventional wisdom.
Successful investing is anticipating the anticipations of others.
If you can’t do great things, do small things in a great way.
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn it by doing hard things well.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started, it dosen’t matter how slow you go as long as you do not stop.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence
If you don’t fight for what you want, don’t cry for what you lost.
It’ never to late to start investing... which companies do you think will have the biggest returns this decade?
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you , nobody is responsible for your success or failure but you.
Leadership is communicating to people their worth and potential so clearly that they come to see it in themselves.
“Suck the marrow out of life”
Your dreams will come true if you have the courage to pursue them.
“It’s not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for.”
“The intelligent investor is a realist who sells to optimists and buys from pessimists.”
“Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant.”–P.T. Barnum
You are either using time or losing it.
Common sense isn’t always a common practice.
“Much success can be attributed to inactivity. Most investors cannot resist the temptation to constantly buy and sell. “
Sustainable growth is characterized by one simple rule:“New customers come from the actions of past customers”
Free advice is the most expensive one, don’t let small minded people to tell you your dreams are too big.
A job is a short term solution to a long term problem
Steps to financial freedom:1- Build a business2- Reinvest the profits3
Investing is not buying, but knowing
Begin to speak only when you are certain that what you’ll say is not better left unsaid.
Work to learn not to earn.
The diffrence between a poor person and a rich person is what they do on their spare time.
The desire for freedom will give you courage to operate for years without a estable job and a punctual salary.
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.”“Thomas Edison”
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
Surround yourself with those who see greatness in you, even when you don't see it in yourself.
“The real measure of your wealth is how much you’d be worth if you lost all your money.”
“I will tell you the secret to getting rich on Wall Street. You try to be greedy when others are fearful. And you try to be fearful when others are greedy.”
“It’s good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it’s good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven’t lost the things that money can’t buy.”
“The investor of today does not profit from yesterday’s growth. “
“A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. “
Nothing ever grows in your comfort zone
“Pleasure seeking is like a credit card, at some point you gotta pay, and there’s interest”
You can create your own future by changing your behaviors. You can make new choices and decisions that are more consistent with the person you want to be and the things you want to accomplish with your life.
You are where you are and what you are because of yourself. Everything you are today, or ever will be in the future, is up to you. Your life today is the sum total result of your choices, decisions and actions up to this point.
“Millionaires don't play the blame game but the gain game.”
“You can't become a millionaire until you think like one.”
“There is only one way to make money: sell something. You're either selling your time or a product. The secret? Productize your time. That's freedom.”
Hang out with people who fit your future Not your History.
Do what you love and money will follow
“A Debt Problem Is, At Its Core, a Budgeting Problem.”
If you want to change the world find someone that helps you row... 
“Money and success don’t change people; they merely amplify what is already there. “
Preparation + Opportunity= “Luck”
Never trade respect for attention.
If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.
“Become a millionaire not for the million dollars, but for what it will make of you to achieve it.”
Read what you sign and sign what you understand.
The problem with todays world is that everybody asks you to learn to forgive, but non of them are willling to learn how not to make mistakes.
Entrepreneurship:The magic of risking it all for a dream that nobody can see but you.
Dont know what your passion is?What would you do everyday if everyting was free?, there you go...
Live as if you were to die today, learn as if you were to live forever.
3 Life Rules1. Money is the result of the amount of value you give.2. Happiness is the result of the meaning your life takes on.3. Character is the result of the challenges you voluntarily face.Everything in life is the result of your sacrifice.
"According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyways. Because bees don't care what humans think is impossible."
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
Book recommendation:                               The millionaire FASTLANE.                         
If you don’t come from a rich family, a rich family must come from you.
“No fear in my heart, no fear in my eyes, no fear in my mind”
“The man that has No imagination stands on the earth. He has no Wings, He CANNOT fly”Everything you see around was once imagined by a “crazy person”
If you don’t believe you are the best, why should anyone do?
“Before you speak, listen. Before you write, think. Before you spend, earn. Before you invest, investigate. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try. Before you retire, save. Before you die, give.”
“If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting.”
Get up, time waits for no one 
“Don't tell me where your priorities are. Show me where you spend your money and I'll tell you what they are.”
There’s no reward without sacrifice
Good day, stay hungry out there 
PAY YOURSELF FIRST
I would hate myself too if i were you.
“Buy when everyone else is selling and hold until everyone else is buying. That's not just a catchy slogan. It's the very essence of successful investing.”
“Protect your confidence”
“Formal education will make you a living; self
“Many folks think they aren’t good at earning money, when what they don’t know is how to use it.”
“Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.”Henry David Thoreau
“That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.”Henry David Thoreau
“Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.”
“The person who doesn't know where his next dollar is coming from usually doesn't know where his last dollar went.”
“Only buy something that you’d be perfectly happy to hold if the market shuts down for ten years.”                              
Never assume that loud is strong and quiet is weak...
Three things that you need to establish in the first five seconds of a business encounter, if you want to be perceived and remembered the right way:  1- Sharp as a tack2- Enthusiastic as hell3- An expert in your field
Rise and grind 
He who works all day, has no time to make money.
IQ matters but only up to a point. Beyond that, its your attitude. It is just like in a basketball game, height matters but that's just up to a point.
If you are waiting for a sign.... this is it
It will all be worthed in the end, keep pushing
It is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary
I’ll sleep when im dead
The quest for the truth is only useful if  you are prepared to take action on what you find
Your biggest supporter is a stranger, your biggest hater is someone you know...
Some people follow the rules, some others change the world...
I believe in giving my kids enough so they can do anything, but no so much that they can do nothing.
Unfortunate Truth:No matter how hard you work…No matter how many years it takes…No matter how much you struggle…When you become successful, people are going to say you got lucky.Loser mindset, but incredibly common.Ignore and keep grinding.
Without action, the best intentions in the world are just that... intentions.
Don’t wait until they tell you 
Rich people are always evolving, never settle .
Book recommendation:“The only investment guide you’ll ever need”
If you buy things you do not need, soon you will have to sell things you need.
The stock market is a device for transfering money from the impatient to the patient.
You become what you learn in difficult times.
IQ matters but only up to a point. Beyond that, its your attitude. It is just like in a basketball game, height matters but that's just up to a point.
Hard work is only torture if it lacks of meaning and hard work is a constant in all success stories.
“You are what you learn in difficult times.”
He who works all day, has no time to make money.
The stock market is a device for transfering money from the impatient to the patient.
The intelligent investor is a realist who sells to optimists and buys from pessimists.
Much success can be attributed to inactivity. Most investors cannot resist the temptation to constantly buy and sell.  
The time is now, the time is now to believe in yourself, don’t wait around sitting in a corporation for 20 plus years working on somebody else’s dream.
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers 
What seems impossible is usually the possible in disguise, playing hide and seek with you. — Philip Arnold 
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way 
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great 
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad... it's experience 
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be 
In the long run, the pessimist may be proved right, but the optimist has a better time on the trip 
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves 
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will – Zig Ziglar 
You won’t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it. – John Lennon 
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process – Jim Rohn 
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share. – W. Clement Stone 
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have – Zig Ziglar 
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough – Mario Andretti 
If you always do what you’ve always done, you’ll always get what you’ve always got! – Alan Scott 
Ideas can be life
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together – Napoleon Hil 
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone – Thomas Carlyle 
Don’t just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it 
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch – Jim Rohn 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing – Walt Disney 
Vision without action is daydreaming and action without vision is a nightmare – Anon 
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers – Ralph Nader 
One doesn’t discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time – Andre Gide 
Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuse 
Many great ideas go unexecuted, and many great executioners are without ideas. One without the other is worthless – Tim Blixseth 
I’d say it’s been my biggest problem all my life.. it’s money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true – Walt Disney
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything. – W. Clement Stone 
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions – Confucius 
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. – Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice – Peter Drucker 
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm. In the real world all rests on perseverance – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way – Christopher Morley 
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory – Ralph Waldo Emerson 
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create – David Ogilvy
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it – Maya Angelou 
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit – Napoleon Hill 
“Whether you think you can or you can’t, you’re right” 
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know – Jim Rohn 
If you are going to ask yourself life
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea – Napoleon Hill 
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic – Dale Carnegie 
Tell the world what you intend to do, but first show it – Napoleon Hill 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined 
I can’t give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: Try to please everybody 
If you live for weekends or vacations, your shit is broken – Gary Vaynerchuk 
Entrepreneurship is the last refuge of the trouble making individual – Natalie Clifford Barney 
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win – Zig Ziglar 
A goal is a dream with a deadline – Napoleon Hill 
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm – Winston Churchill 
Eighty percent of success is showing up 
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. – Albert Einstein 
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night. – Henry Ford 
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said – Jim Rohn 
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness 
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be – Robert Collier 
The best way to predict the future is to create it – Peter Drucker 
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success – Henry Ford 
Failure is not about insecurity. It’s about lack of execution – Jeffrey Gitomer 
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be – W. Clement Stone 
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way – Napoleon Hill 
Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it – W. Clement Stone 
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody – Bill Cosby 
Success is not in what you have, but who you are – Bo Bennet 
A man’s worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions – Marcus Aurelius Antoninus 
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm – Winston Churchill 
The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word: freedom – Silvio Berlusconi 
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big – Donald Trump 
Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up – Thomas J. Watson 
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough – Mario Andretti 
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said – Peter F. Drucker 
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job – Michael Gerber 
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals. – Brian Tracy 
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves 
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere – Albert Einstein 
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them and strong enough to correct them. – John C Maxwell 
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can’t learn anything from being perfect – Adam Osborne 
Formal education will make you a living self
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he’ll quickly learn how to chew it – Roy Ash 
Money won’t make you happy… but everybody wants to find out for themselves. – Zig Ziglar 
Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming – Richard Branson 
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary – Vidal Sassoon 
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success – Henry Ford 
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same – Colin R. Davis 
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal 
All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them 
Leave others better for having met you by breathing life into them and their dreams 
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago 
You know you're awesome when people you don't even know hate you 
An amazing journey or adventure can begin with a single tweet... 
If you have never failed - you have never lived 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment 
I occasionally swallow my pride, it is totally non
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours 
The Individual with a negative mental attitude attracts trouble as a magnet attracts steel filings 
Three phrases that sum up Christmas are: Peace on Earth, Goodwill to Men And Batteries not Included - 
Be nice to people on your way up, because you'll meet them on your way down 
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. Don’t complain 
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning 
Never tell me the sky's the limit when THERE ARE footprints on the moon 
The fancyer the business card, the less value of the beholder 
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club 
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner 
Success and happiness are not matters of chance but choice 
In life you need either inspiration or desperation 
It's kind of fun to do the impossible 
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do 
There are people that sit and talk about where they want to be, and there are people who go out and be who they want to be 
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams 
Go where you are celebrated - not tolerated. If they can't see the beauty of your heart, it's time for a new start 
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour 
The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before 
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough 
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me 
Failure is the opportunity to begin again, more intelligently 
Fall seven times; stand up eight 
If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done 
Every day is an opportunity to make a new happy ending 
If the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail 
There is No Way to Prosperity, Prosperity is the Way 
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up 
The only real failure in life is when you quit trying 
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind 
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else 
All prosperity begins in the mind and is dependent only on the full use of our creative imagination 
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure 
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going 
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon 
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but It'll annoy enough people to make it worth the effort 
Blaming society for your problems is like blaming crowds for rain 
Don't follow your dreams; chase them 
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly 
Thoughts are energy. And you can make your world or break your world by thinking 
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me 
A free lunch is only found in mousetraps 
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up 
A good reputation is more valuable than money 
If you don’t know what you want, don’t say you never had a chance 
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out 
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club 
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it 
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade 
Losers make New Year resolutions, winners take action every day 
I could not wait for success, so I went ahead without it 
I could not wait for success, so I went ahead without it 
He is able who thinks he is able 
Worry is like a rocking chair - it gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere 
The more you care, the stronger you can be 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts 
Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent it's gone forever 
Don't wait. The time will never be just right 
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars 
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker 
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing 
Never forget: the secret of creating riches for oneself is to create them for others – Sir John Templeton 
When I want to think, I sit. When I want to change, I act 
Raise your sail one foot and you get ten feet of wind 
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare - 
90% of those who fail are not actually defeated. They simply quit 
If you're interested, you'll do what's convenient. If you're committed, you'll do whatever it takes 
A pessimist sees problems in opportunities whereas an optimist sees opportunities in problems 
You cannot discover new oceans unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore 
A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist 
The life of the wealthy is one long Sunday 
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well 
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them 
Management's biggest problem is all the unemployed people on the payroll 
Every morning you have two choices! Continue your sleep with Dreaming. Or Wake up and Chase your Dreams Choice is yours 
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal 
It's lonely at the top- but you eat better 
True Originality consists not in a new manner but in a New Vision! 
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people 
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think 
Life is not the way it's supposed to be.It's the way it is.The way you deal with it is what makes the difference 
You get what you settle for 
Success is when your Signature becomes Autograph 
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten 
If bad things are always happening to you it is not because you have bad luck It's because you make bad decisions 
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally 
There's always room in your life for thinking bigger, pushing limits & imagining the impossible 
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory 
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears 
It's not a year to recover... It's a year to dominate 
If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed 
It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money 
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin 
We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done 
The best way to predict the future is to create it 
A thirsty man will drown on life-giving water if you force it down his throat 
To guarantee success, act as if it were impossible to fail 
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us 
Its never too late to be what you might have been 
Goals are dreams with deadlines 
I have failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed 
Let others live small lives, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you 
Have a great New Year everybody. Employees make New Years resolutions. Entrepreneurs take action every day 
No matter how qualified you are, you wont reach a better life until you imagine it 
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do 
An avalanche begins with a snowflake 
Virtually nothing can stop a man who has a goal clearly in sight 
Do not build up obstacles in your imagination 
Your failures won't hurt you until you start blaming them on others 
Treat each failure as an opportunity to move you closer to your goals 
True success is measured by how you treat the people in your life 
If you're going to be thinking anyway, why not think big? 
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard 
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it 
I have failed over and over again, that is why I succeed 
Wherever you go, go with all your heart 
Loosers make New Year Resolutions, winners take action every day 
It always seems impossible unitl it's done 
Put all your eggs in one basket, and then watch that basket carefully 
By working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day 
Fools wait for a lucky day but every day is a lucky day for an industrious man 
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow 
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way 
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great 
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves 
Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuse 
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be 
In the long run, the pessimist may be proved right, but the optimist has a better time on the trip 
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad... it's experience 
If you are possessed by an idea, you find it expressed everywhere... you even smell it 
Success is easy; there's nothing to it: Decide what should be done and do it 
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit 
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps 
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take Hofstadter's Law into account. 
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life 
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one 
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals 
Don't go where the path may lead . Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail 
Don't go through life, grow through life 
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary 
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones 
American ends with I Can 
Perhaps the only limits to the human mind are those we believe in 
Imagination rules the world 
The ones who say you can't and you won't are the ones who are most scared that you will 
Welldone is better than wellsaid 
Never let your small business let you be small minded 
When you are good to others,you are best to yourself 
One of the most common causes of failure is the habit of quitting when one is overtaken by temporary defeat! 
Behind every successful man is a surprised woman 
Watch for big problems. They disguise big opportunities 
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't 
Courage is being scared to death - but saddling up anyway 
Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done 
For a list of all the ways technology has failed to improve the quality of life, please press three 
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost 
One man working with you is worth a dozen men working for you 
Yesterday's failures are today's seeds That must be diligently planted to be able to abundantly harvest Tomorrow's success 
Be creative. Use unconventional thinking. And have the guts to carry it out 
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power 
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly 
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go 
Don't let anyone steal your dream. It's your dream, not theirs 
Attack life, it's going to kill you anyway 
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do 
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever 
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen 
Opportunities are never lost, just found by those who clearly see the power of trends and timing 
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars 
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength 
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same 
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity 
My formula for success is rise early, work late & strike oil 
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy 
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find that the harder I work, the more I have of it 
People who are afraid to fail can never experience the joys of success 
I've never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is only a temporary situation 
A hard fall means a high bounce... if you're made of the right material 
There's no good idea that can't be improved on 
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be 
One today is worth two tomorrows 
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action 
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will" 
Whatever you are, be a good one 
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success 
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible 
Success is easy to measure. It is the distance between one's origins and one's final achievement 
Success is a ladder you cannot climb with your hands in your pockets 
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it 
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well 
The two greatest FEAR busters are knowledge and action 
Money is usually attracted, not pursued 
Get mad, and then get over it 
What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work 
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit 
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit 
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out? 
People who feel Great about themselves produce Great Results 
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination 
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun 
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action 
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them 
The only real valuable thing is intuition 
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away - Antoine de Saint
If you don't have integrity, you have nothing. You can't buy it. 
Giving people self-confidence is by far the most important thing that I can do. Because then they will act 
The thing to do is to keep your mind when the world around you is losing theirs. Warren Buffet 
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step 
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely 
A penny saved is worthless 
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it 
Never mistake motion for action 
You must give up the way it is... to have it the way you want it 
In life you need either inspiration or desperation" 
I'd rather have a moment of wonderful than a lifetime of nothing special 
Anything can be achieved with a strong enough why! 
The saddest failures in life are those that come from not putting forth the power and will to succeed 
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him 
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem to be more afraid of life than death 
Be who U are & say what U feel, for those who mind dont matter & those that matter dont mind 
Action is the foundational key to all success 
Forgiveness doesn't change your past, but will absolutely Empower Your Future 
You only live once - but if you work it right, once is enough 
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises 
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one 
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity 
My poor dad would say, 'I can't afford it,' while my rich dad would say, 'How can I afford it'? 
The road to success is always under construction 
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed 
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out 
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business 
Decision and determination are the engineer and fireman of our train to opportunity and success 
Don't wait. The time will never be just right 
You always pass failure on the way to success 
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying 
Either you run the day or the day runs you 
If you are successful, you may win false friends and true enemies. Succeed anyway 
If you only do what you know you can do - you never do very much 
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped 
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts 
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity 
WALK today, with a firm step, and a confident stride, as if you are really going somewhere, because you are 
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any 
You were born an original. Don't die a copy 
Don't ask what the world needs. Find out what makes you come alive and go do that 
Never look at the doors closing behind you or you'll miss the ones opening ahead 
Eighty percent of success is showing up 
You have to ‘Be’ before you can ‘Do’ and ‘Do’ before you can ‘Have’ 
Remember that the 6 most expensive words in business are: 'We've always done it that way 
If you don't like something, change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it 
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be 
You're thinking dictates how you're living 
If you want to see the love of your life, look in the mirror 
Money couldn't buy friends, but you get a better class of enemy 
Money is plentiful for those who understand the simple laws which govern its acquisition 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up 
If everybody likes you, you ain't made a difference 
Never let yesterday use up today 
Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time 
There's always a way - if you're committed 
The miracle is this - the more we share, the more we have 
You can't be a winner and be afraid to lose 
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes 
Though it's important that people know you, It is more important if they think you are worth knowing - 
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision 
To play it safe is not to play 
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul 
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin 
Failure + failure + failure = success. You only fail when you quit 
A minute's success pays the failure of years 
You can make money and you can make excuses, but you can't make both 
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does, that makes you a winner right there 
Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time 
The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money 
Life is like a game of cards. The hand you're dealt is determinism; they way you play is free will 
The difference between can and cannot are only three letters. Three letters that determine your life’s direction 
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make – Donald Trump 
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve 
I don't have hobbies; hobbies cost money. Interests are quite free 
If it's not fun, don't do it 
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail 
Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts. 
Success follows doing what you want to do. There is no other way to be successful 
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity 
If you don't want to work, you have to work to earn enough money, so that you won't have to work 
Lack of money is no obstacle. Lack of an idea is an obstacle 
A meeting moves at the speed of the slowest mind in the room 
Poor people have big TV....Rich people have big library 
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first 
A goal is a dream with a deadline 
Be yourself, everyone else is already taken 
The next best thing to winning is losing. At least you've been in the race! 
Early to bed and early to rise probably indicates unskilled labor 
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle 
If you wanna be somebody, if you wanna go somewhere, you better wake up and pay attention 
Never ask a barber if you need a haircut 
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? 
The supreme accomplishment is to blur the line between work & play 
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere 
Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the "gotta have it" scale 
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity 
A ship in harbor is safe - but that is not what ships are for 
You have to know you can win. You have to think you can win. You have to feel you can win 
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work 
Do what you love and the money will follow 
If you think it’s expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur 
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up 
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life 
A surefire way to double your money is to fold it over and put it back into your pocket 
Sex is like money; only too much is enough 
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop & look around once in a while, you could miss it. 
I have never been in a situation where having money made it worse 
Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort 
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells 
A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one 
Confidence on the outside begins by living with integrity on the inside 
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect 
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn't need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes 
You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition 
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know 
There's nothing abstract about this: "Action is the foundational key to all success 
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on 
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often 
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily 
Every person's every action has an effect 
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner 
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work 
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch 
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch 
Those who never make mistakes are doomed to always work for those who make lots of mistakes 
People are not lazy. They simply have importent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them 
If you want to reach a goal, you must "see the reaching" in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal 
If you care at all,you'll get some results.If you care enough, you'll get incredible results 
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing 
It's perseverance that's the key. It's persevering for long enough to achieve your potential 
if you win or you loose is a question of honor, and the way that you choose is a question of honor 
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours Orison Sweet Marden 
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day 
We are all born successful and learn the art of self-failure as we progress through life. Success is your birth right 
Everyone who got where he is has had to begin where he was 
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary 
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success 
You can have everything in life you want, if you will just help other people get what they want 
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary 
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure 
I am the world’s worst salesman; therefore, I must make it easy for people to buy 
The difference between a one dollar bill and a one hundred dollar bill is the message on the paper 
Never mistake motion for action 
As a rule, we find what we look for; we achieve what we get ready for 
Money won't make you happy... but everybody wants to find out for themselves 
If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete 
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be 
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, and discipline that enabled us to follow through 
It is always the start that requires the greatest effort 
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying 
Just remember, you can do anything you set your mind to, but it takes action, perseverance, and facing your fears 
An excuse becomes an obstacle in your journey to success when it is made in place of your best effort... 
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work 
You take on the responsibility for making your dream a reality 
More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth 
The Beatles did not create teen agers - they just decided to lead them 
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success 
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible 
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get 
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes 
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together 
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others 
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible 
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago 
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary 
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will 
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create 
If you are going to ask yourself life-changing questions, be sure to do something with the answers 
I came, I saw, I conquered 
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire 
Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom 
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same 
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have 
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success 
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share 
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree 
What you get by reaching your destination is not nearly as important as what you will become by reaching your destination Zig Ziglar 
Set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you 
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm. In the real world all rests on perseverance 
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily 
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough 
Never forget "Today, you have 100% of your life left 
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea 
You won't get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it 
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone 
Make your product easier to buy than your competition, or you will find your customers buying from them, not you 
I've always worked very, very hard, and the harder I worked, the luckier I got 
You learn in this business.. If you want a friend, get a dog 
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you 
Many great ideas go unexecuted, and many great executioners are without ideas. One without the other is worthless 
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful 
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning 
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together 
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing 
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way 
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day 
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch 
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. 
I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life.. it's money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true 
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get 
Either you run the day or the day runs you 
Vision without action is daydreaming. Action without vision is a nightmare 
Don't just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it 
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit 
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning 
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal 
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything 
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions 
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory 
"if you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always got ! " Alan Scott 
Either you run the day or the day runs you 
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit 
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do 
Action is the foundational key to all success 
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea 
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic 
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know Jim Rohn 
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers -
perfect's good. done's better 
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment 
"Tell the world what you intend to do, but first show it... 
life wasnt designed to give us what we need, life was designed to give us what we deserve 
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better 
Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice 
Minds are like parachutes; they only function when open 
Skepticism is healthy, but exaggerated skepticism is paranoia in disguise 
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes 
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time 
If something doesn’t work, we move on We don’t stop and wonder why at the expense of making progress 
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What's in it for me? 
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often 
Every choice you make has an end result 
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!" 
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it's moving you away from your goals 
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know 
Money isn't very important... unless you don't have any 
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win 
Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the "gotta have it" scale 
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed 
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it 
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night 
Good judgment comes from experience, and often experience comes from bad judgment 
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get 
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you 
Money won't make you happy.. but everybody wants to find out for themselves 
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm 
Life is not fair; get used to it 
Entrepreneurship is the last refuge of the trouble making individual 
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire 
Early to bed, early to rise, work like hell and advertise 
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth 
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch 
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower 
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way 
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be 
Your choices are made in a instant, their consequences will transcend a lifetime 
Stay hungry, stay foolish 
Don't wait. The time will never be just right 
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success 
The best way to predict the future is to create it 
Every economy is uncertain. Referring to this or any economy as 'uncertain' is an unnecessary and pessimistic redundancy 
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value 
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said 
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time 
If you must doubt something, doubt your limits 
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be 
On the road to success, there's a city called sacrifice 
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness 
PowerPoint is the bad speakers crutches 
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success 
Failure is not about insecurity. It's about lack of execution 
Success is not in what you have, but who you are 
Gather up all your excuses carry them outside and bury them deep in the ground When you're bored of success dig 'em back up 
The best way to truly love your work is to create it 
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure 
My son is now an "entrepreneur." That's what you're called when you don't have a job 
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody 
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way 
A man's worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions 
Nobody talks of entrepreneurship as survival, but that's exactly what it is and what nurtures creative thinking 
I felt that I could make a difference. That's the best reason to go into business 
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm 
The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word: freedom 
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them 
Every time we've moved ahead in IBM, it was because someone took a chance put his head on the block and tried something new 
Don't make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up 
As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big 
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions 
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job 
If I’d asked my customers what they wanted, they’d have said a faster horse 
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough 
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said 
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it 
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory 
You can't ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new S. Jobs
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way 
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere 
Why are you making cupcakes when you're just gonna poop them out? 
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves 
Nets - Monopolet lammer nye iværksættere  http://www.amino.dk/buzz/Historie/E-handel-og-online-marketing/Monopol-lammer-nye-ivaerksaettere
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them 
You are your greatest asset. Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset 
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake - you can't learn anything from being perfect 
Stay hungry, stay foolish 
Formal education will make you a living self
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create – David Ogilvy
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers 
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves 
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great 
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way 
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure – Bill Cosby 
You cant ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them By the time you get it built they’ll want something new – Steve
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory – Fortune Cookie 
Fools wait for a lucky day but every day is a lucky day for an industrious man 
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals. – Brian Tracy 
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be – Jack Welch 
If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete – Jack Welch 
As a rule, we find what we look for; we achieve what we get ready for – James Cash Penney 
It is always the start that requires the greatest effort – James Cash Penney 
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary – Jim Rohn 
If you are possessed by an idea, you find it expressed everywhere... you even smell it 
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad... it's experience 
In the long run, the pessimist may be proved right, but the optimist has a better time on the trip 
Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuse 
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be 
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have – Zig Ziglar 
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will – Zig Ziglar 
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm. In the real world all rests on perseverance – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others – Cicero 
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes – Benjamin Disraeli 
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together – Napoleon Hill 
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible – Marion C. Garretty 
I’ve learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success – Jack Welch 
You take on the responsibility for making your dream a reality – Les Brown 
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying – Michael Jordan 
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning – Bill Gates 
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful – Jeff Bezos 
Many great ideas go unexecuted, and many great executioners are without ideas. One without the other is worthless – Tim Blixseth 
I’ve always worked very, very hard, and the harder I worked, the luckier I got 
Make your product easier to buy than your competition, or you will find your customers buying from them, not you – Mark Cuban 
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone – Thomas Carlyle 
You won’t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it. – John Lennon 
Ideas can be life
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough – Mario Andretti 
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share. – W. Clement Stone 
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning – Benjamin Franklin 
If you want to reach a goal, you must ‘see the reaching’ in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal – Zig Ziglar 
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch – Jim Rohn 
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. – Ralph Waldo Emerson 
There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way – Christopher Morley 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing – Walt Disney 
I’d say it’s been my biggest problem all my life.. it’s money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true – Walt Disney
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything. – W. Clement Stone 
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together – Napoleon Hil 
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process – Jim Rohn 
If you are going to ask yourself life
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea – Napoleon Hill 
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit – Napoleon Hill 
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions – Confucius 
One doesn’t discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time – Andre Gide 
Don’t just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it 
If you always do what you’ve always done, you’ll always get what you’ve always got! – Alan Scott 
Vision without action is daydreaming and action without vision is a nightmare – Anon 
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get – Dale Carnegie 
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win – Zig Ziglar 
Every choice you make has an end result – Zig Ziglar 
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment – Jim Rohn 
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often – Mark Twain 
A goal is a dream with a deadline – Napoleon Hill 
Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice – Peter Drucker 
Tell the world what you intend to do, but first show it – Napoleon Hill 
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers – Ralph Nader 
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know – Jim Rohn 
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic – Dale Carnegie 
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be – W. Clement Stone 
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said – Jim Rohn 
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. – Albert Einstein 
The best way to predict the future is to create it – Peter Drucker 
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be – Robert Collier 
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way – John C. Maxwell 
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth – Bo Bennett 
Entrepreneurship is the last refuge of the trouble making individual – Natalie Clifford Barney 
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm – Winston Churchill 
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night. – Henry Ford 
The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word: freedom – Silvio Berlusconi 
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm – Winston Churchill 
A man’s worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions – Marcus Aurelius Antoninus 
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way – Napoleon Hill 
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody – Bill Cosby 
Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it – W. Clement Stone 
Success is not in what you have, but who you are – Bo Bennet 
Failure is not about insecurity. It’s about lack of execution – Jeffrey Gitomer 
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success – Henry Ford 
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness 
You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do 
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he’ll quickly learn how to chew it – Roy Ash 
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can’t learn anything from being perfect – Adam Osborne 
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them and strong enough to correct them. – John C Maxwell 
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves 
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere – Albert Einstein 
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said – Peter F. Drucker 
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough – Mario Andretti 
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job – Michael Gerber 
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big – Donald Trump 
Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up – Thomas J. Watson 
Money won’t make you happy… but everybody wants to find out for themselves. – Zig Ziglar 
Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming – Richard Branson 
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary – Vidal Sassoon 
Don’t just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it 
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success – Henry Ford 
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it – Maya Angelou 
Either you run the day or the day runs you 
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out 
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions – Confucius
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way 
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great 
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves 
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers 
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be 
Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuse 
In the long run, the pessimist may be proved right, but the optimist has a better time on the trip 
Hvis du fortsat vil have en god Google placering, så interesser dig for AuthorRank http://www.amino.dk/forums/t/180152.aspx …
Transformation: Sådan ændrer DU stort set ALT.   http://www.amino.dk/blogs/anneskarenielsen/archive/2012/11/19/transformation-s-229-dan-230-ndrer-du-stort-set
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad... it's experience 
AuthorRank kan gøre forskellen på hvor du står i Google! http://www.amino.dk/blogs/gaesteeksperten/archive/2012/11/21/authorrank.aspx …
Martin Thorborg: Iværksættere skal droppe selvmedlidenhed http://trendsonline.dk/2012/11/20/martin-thorborg-ivaerksaettere-skal-droppe
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm. In the real world all rests on perseverance – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will – Zig Ziglar
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have – Zig Ziglar
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share. – W. Clement Stone
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough – Mario Andretti
Ideas can be life
You won’t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it. – John Lennon
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone – Thomas Carlyle
Many great ideas go unexecuted, and many great executioners are without ideas. One without the other is worthless – Tim Blixseth
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning – Bill Gates
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process – Jim Rohn
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together – Napoleon Hil
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything. – W. Clement Stone
I’d say it’s been my biggest problem all my life.. it’s money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true – Walt Disney
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing – Walt Disney
There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way – Christopher Morley
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch – Jim Rohn
Vision without action is daydreaming and action without vision is a nightmare – Anon
If you always do what you’ve always done, you’ll always get what you’ve always got! – Alan Scott
Don’t just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it 
One doesn’t discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time – Andre Gide
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions – Confucius
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit – Napoleon Hill
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create – David Ogilvy
If you are going to ask yourself life
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea – Napoleon Hill
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic – Dale Carnegie
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know – Jim Rohn
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers – Ralph Nader
Tell the world what you intend to do, but first show it – Napoleon Hill
Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice – Peter Drucker
A goal is a dream with a deadline – Napoleon Hill
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win – Zig Ziglar
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night. – Henry Ford
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm – Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurship is the last refuge of the trouble making individual – Natalie Clifford Barney
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be – Robert Collier
The best way to predict the future is to create it – Peter Drucker
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. – Albert Einstein
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said – Jim Rohn
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be – W. Clement Stone
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness 
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success – Henry Ford
Failure is not about insecurity. It’s about lack of execution – Jeffrey Gitomer
Success is not in what you have, but who you are – Bo Bennet
Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it – W. Clement Stone
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody – Bill Cosby
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way – Napoleon Hill
A man’s worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions – Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm – Winston Churchill
The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word: freedom – Silvio Berlusconi
Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up – Thomas J. Watson
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big – Donald Trump
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job – Michael Gerber
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals. – Brian Tracy
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough – Mario Andretti
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said – Peter F. Drucker
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere – Albert Einstein
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves 
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them and strong enough to correct them. – John C Maxwell
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning – Bill Gates the only time you should look back is to see how far you’ve come
doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will
you become what you think about
discipline is the root of all good qualities
It doesn’t matter where you came from, it matters where you’re going.
Master your emotions before they master you.
your biggest failures are your greatest lessons
believe you can and you’re halfway there
be so good they can’t ignore you
Don’t stay in bed unless you make money in bed.
dream big and dare to fail.
the best view comes after the hardest climb.
the greatest prison people live in is the fear of what other people think
if you don’t sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice.
Your lack of dedication is an insult to those who believe in you.
nothing works unless you do
Stop waiting for things to happen. Go out and make them happen.
Never doubt your vision.
Set a goal. Make the plan. Do the work.
don't rush the process, great things take time.
don’t talk, just act.don’t say, just show.don’t promise, just prove.
Most people want average, don’t be most people.
the less you care, the happier you will be.
Use the pain as fuel and keep going.
Seven Rules for Life:1. Let it go2. Ignore them3. Give it time4. Don’t compare5. Stay calm 6. It’s on you7. Smile
If your goals set you apart from others, remain alone.
Confuse them with silence.
One day all those late nights and early mornings will pay off.
success is journey, not a destination.
Don’t allow yourself to be controlled by these 5 things:1. Your past2. Other people’s opinions3. Limited beliefs4. Relationships 5. Money
falling down is how you grow, staying down is how you die.
Don’t decrease the goal. Increase the effort.
losers make excuses, winners make progress.
You can’t stop a beast who is hungry for a better life.
your attitude determines your direction
the secret of success is hidden in your daily routine
when you feel like quitting, think about why you started.
great things never came from comfort zones
Don’t go through life, grow through life.
Your income only grows if your mind does.
Nothing can stop you from reaching your goals.
you can’t beat someone who never gives up
dreams don’t work unless you do
No pain, no gain.
if you don’t go after what you want, you will never have it.
if you’ve never failed, you’ve never tried anything new.
your future depends on what you do today
the days that break you are the days that make you.
If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities.If you believe it won’t, you’ll see obstacles.
your dreams will come true if you have the courage to pursue them.
Be careful what you tolerate. You are teaching people how to treat you.
Build your dreams or someone else will hire you to build theirs
Good habits are as addictive as bad habits, but far more rewarding.
life isn’t about finding yourself, life is about creating yourself.
difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations
do something today that your future self will thank you for.
you get in life what you have the courage to ask for
the world is full of players, be a game changer.
sometimes later becomes never, do it now.
people who think they are crazy enough to change the world are the ones who do
Act today. Don’t gamble on the future.
the distance between your dream and reality is called action.
If you want something you’ve never had, you have to do something you’ve never done.
love yourself enough to work harder
work until your idols become your rivals
the purpose of life is to live a life of purpose
it’s not selfish to do what’s best for you
set your goals high and don’t stop until you get there
Get good. Get better. Become the best.
you can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep reading the last one.
appreciate what you have before it becomes what you had.
success is the best revenge
Don’t wait for opportunity, create it.
If you don’t believe in yourself, nobody else will.
If you’re waiting until you’re ready, you’ll be waiting the rest of your life.
let your past make you better not bitter
Don’t quit when you are tired, quit when you are done.
Make it happen. Shock everyone.
Character is revealed when pressure is applied.
If you can make one dollar. You can make a million more.
It’s not a magic
It’s not a magic
Trust the vibes you get, energy doesn’t lie.
Feeling anxious?Overwhelmed?Want more out of your life?Click here  http://bit.ly/dominatewithdisciplineguide …
Don’t tell people your plans. Show them your results.
Wake up with a purpose.
You’re always one decision away from a totally different life.
Remain focused. Your time is coming.
Don’t tell people your dreams. Let them see the results.
You get paid for your value, not your time.
The reason why most people never change is that they don’t have the proper framework for it.Get the proper framework here http://bit.ly/dominatewithdiscipline …
an investment in knowledge pays the best interest
The reason why most people never change is that they don’t have the proper framework for it.Get the proper framework here http://bit.ly/dominatewithdiscipline …
life is tough, but so are you.
you can’t win if you are afraid to lose
the extra mile is never crowded
Winners focus on themselves.Losers focus on winners.
don’t look back, you’re not going that way.
Short
Emotionally - You are going to win With love - You are going to winPhysically - You are going to win Financially - You are going to win Career wise - You are going to win Family wise 
the only way to change who you are is to change what you do.
Live a few years of your life like most people won’t, so you can live the rest of your life like most people can’t.
3 things to never do:1: Beg for anyone to stay in your life. 2: Beg for anyone to talk to you. 3: Beg for anyone’s attention.
If you want more, you must become more.
your focus determines your reality
6 months of focus and hard work can put you 5 years ahead in life.
The trick is to win private but let them think you’re losing in public.
Change your thoughts. Change your life.
Get serious - about your peace Get serious - about your future Get serious - about your goals Get serious - about your loveGet serious 
Nobody cares about your story until you win, so win.
Make it happen. Shock everyone.
You get what you focus on, so focus on what you want to get.
Set a goalMake a plan Stay focused Work hard SucceedStay humble
No rich parents. No handouts. No assistance. No favors. Straight hustle. All day everyday.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Don’t be afraid of losing people. Be afraid of losing yourself trying to please everyone around you.
People don’t stop pursuing dreams because they grow old.People grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.
Distance yourself from people who: 1. Lie to you. 2. Disrespect you. 3. Use you. 4. Put you down.
The key to success is to start before you are ready.
success is a slow process, but quitting won’t speed it up.
3 things to keep private:- Your income- Your love life 
Lift up the weak.Inspire the ignorant.Rescue the failures.Encourage the deprived.Live to give.
You won’t always be motivated, so you must learn to be disciplined.
Success is what comes after you stop making excuses.
Your mind is a weapon. Keep it loaded.
Stay private. Keep them guessing
Hustle because being lazy is too expensive
Real growth starts when you’re tired of your own bullshit
Make them look stupid for not believing in you.
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
It’s lonely at the top, but you eat better.
Don’t just dream about money. Go get it.
Set some goals. Stay quiet about them. Smash them.
You become very dangerous when you learn how to control your feelings.
Start from nothing. Stop for nothing.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Money isn’t everything but everything needs money.
Be low key. Be private. Be humble.
Success demands 6 things: 1. Hard work 2. Sacrifice 3. Struggle 4. Faith 5. Patience 6. Passion
The smarter you get the less you speak.
Hustle until you no longer need to introduce yourself
Losers talk. Winners grind.
The plan is to move. Move out. Move on. Move up. Move smarter.
Doubt kills more dreams more than failure ever will.
Refuse to be average.
Stop calling it a dream. It’s time to make it a reality.
Don’t blame the distractions. Improve the focus.
Your only limit is your mind.
You can’t do epic shit with basic people.
Don’t stay in bed unless you can make money in bed.
Be loyal to your future not your past.
Don’t decrease the goal. Increase the effort.
Trust the vibes you get. Energy doesn’t lie.
I’ve got a dream that’s worth more than my sleep.
“ I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.”
The hustle brings the money. The experience brings the knowledge. The persistence brings the success.
Tough times don’t last, tough people do.
Character is revealed when pressure is applied.
Expect nothing. Appreciate everything.
The key to success is simple. Put in the work.
Feeling burnt out?Worrying too much?Struggling with self
You got two big choices: do it now or regret it later.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Invest in yourself. You can afford it
You can’t talk power moves around people who don’t share the same hunger as you.
Shy?Anxious?Overwhelmed?All of this can be solved by developing confidence.Easy?No.Worth it?Absolutely.Click here http://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
The way you deal with failure determines if you are able to achieve success.
Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.
Shy?Anxious?Overwhelmed?All of this can be solved by developing confidence.Easy?No.Worth it?Absolutely.Click here http://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire and hustle.
Your dreams will come true if you have the courage to pursue them.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
The dream is free. The hustle is sold completely separate.
Success comes from belief. Want to learn how to foster that belief every single day and achieve a more fulfilling life?Click here  http://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
Some people want it to happen.Some people wish it would happen. Winners make it happen.
The #1 Mistake People Make When Trying to Change Their Life
The #1 Mistake People Make When Trying to Change Their Life
Build your own dreams or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
The only way to discover your limits is to attempt to go beyond them.
you can’t have a million dollar dream with a minimum
Want to develop bulletproof confidence?Start here  http://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
What we fear most is usually what we most need to do.
You are not a product of your circumstances, you are a product of your decisions.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good and go after the great.
Hustle beats talent when talent doesn’t hustle.
Want to make more money and live a more fulfilling life?Click here http://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
Life is short. Do stuff that matters.
the more you learn, the more you earn.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you
The man on top of the mountain didn’t fall there.
Never depend on a single income
Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Want to develop bulletproof confidence?Click here  http://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
The secret of your success is found in your daily routine.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning
Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection.
Looking for a step-by
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
stop cheating on your future with your past
Dream big and embrace failure
Confidence will unlock everything in your life.The belief that you WILL make it no matter what will take you anywhere you want in life...@iamjustincscott is one of the most confident people I know.Click the link below and let him help you outhttp://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
You only get one chance at life, use it wisely.
Every day, there are 1,440 minutes.That means every day you have 1,440 opportunities to make an impact.
Don’t limit your challenges, challenge your limits.
If you aren’t willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Good things happen to those who hustle.
Confidence isn’t a trait that you are born with.Confidence is a SKILL that you can develop.Want to learn how?Click the link below http://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …http://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
Are you willing to invest $17 to change your life? Extensive List of 50 Daily Disciplines  The Philosophy of Change that 99% Of People Never Adopt Step-by
Discipline is the root of all good qualities
Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.
You can have results or excuses. Not both.
Self
The secret to getting ahead is getting started.
The best revenge is massive success
Want to build bulletproof confidence that helps you succeed in business & life?Click the link below to get access to the FREE 4 Week Coursehttp://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
your mind must arrive at your destination before you do.
If you can master self
If you don’t value your time, neither will others.
Confidence is crucial to achieving your biggest goals.The unshakeable belief that you WILL make it will take you anywhere you want to go in life.Want to learn how to incept this belief into your life through a FREE 4 week course?Click herehttp://bit.ly/freeconfidencecourse …
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Forget the past, live in the present.
If you have time to complain, then you have time to find a solution.
If you change, everything will change for you.
Success isn’t about ideas. It’s about making ideas happen.
Don’t talk, just act.Don’t say, just show.Don’t promise, just prove.
FREE 4
If you want life to change, you must change first.
keep grinding, your day is coming.
Circle got smaller.Vision got bigger.
Do you struggle with confidence?Learn everything you need to know for creating unshakable confidence in your life.+ 22 in depth video modules+ Full-length workbook+ $90 discount@iamjustincscott is THE MAN.Don’t miss out on the pre
you will get the life you want when you stop making excuses about why you don’t have it
Small progress is still progress
Confidence is crucial to achieving your biggest goals.The unshakeable belief that you WILL make it will take you anywhere you want to go in life.Want to learn how to incept this belief into your life in less than 4 weeks?Click herehttp://bit.ly/consciousconfidencejscott …
If your life just got harder, that means you’ve leveled up.
you can’t control how you feel, you but can always control how you act.
think like a millionaire hustle like you are broke
15 Rules to Live By•Be Thankful.•Be Kind.•Be Useful.•Be Strong.•Be Loving.•Be Honorable.•Be Respectful.•Never Quit.•Never Fear.•Refuse To Lose.•Stay Happy.•Stay Healthy.•Stay Faithful.
your goals should scare you a little and excite you a lot
fall in love with the process of leveling yourself up
the billionaire and the beggar both have 24 hours every day
Slow downCalm downDon’t worry Don’t hurry Trust the process
growth is painful change is painful failure is painful But nothing is more painful than being stuck somewhere you don’t belong.
Dont feel guilty for doing what’s best for you.
one day you’ll wake up and there will be no time left to do the things you really want to do.DO THEM NOW.
you can’t grow unless you are willing to change
We fallWe break We failBut then.We riseWe healWe overcome
If you are good at something, never do it for free.
don’t look back, your not going that way.
7 things to remember:•Don't beg anyone to stay.•Save space for people who matter.•Keep your circle small.•Accept what cannot be changed.•Leave behind what isn't good for you.•No matter what happened think positive.•Give time for yourself and love yourself more.
Excuses don’t build empires
stop whining, start grinding. stop wishing, start working. stop thinking, start acting. stop blaming, start owning. stop dying, start living.
Positive vibesPositive mindPositive life
Rule #1: Fuck what people think
10 skills that require ZERO talent:- Being on time- Work ethic- Putting in effort- Being positive- Being passionate- Being teachable- Being prepared- Doing extra- Being supportive
You attract what you are, not what you want. If you want great, then be great.
take the risk or lose the chance
fuck perfection, focus on progress.
stop acting like you live twice
big dreams, small circle.
the only person you should compare yourself to is the person you were yesterday
This is easy work:1 complaining2 pretending3 blaming4 judging5 resenting6 taking7 shouting8 expecting9 waiting10 doubtingThis is hard work:1 inspiring2 learning3 teaching4 trusting5 empowering6 sponsoring7 committing8 unselfishly giving9 loving10 nurturing
Do good, it will come back to you in unexpected ways
STOP OVERTHINKING you’re only creating problems that aren’t there
Patience is Power
you will discover things about yourself that you never knew before during the process of chasing your dreams.
if you do what is easy, life will be hard. If you do what is hard, life will be easy.
3 ways to improve yourself 1) Read daily 2) Workout consistently3) Set goals
sit with winners, the conversation is different.
10 things to focus on1. focus on your purpose 2. focus on physical strength 3. focus on mental wellness 4. focus on more fun5. focus on less stress 6. focus on simplifying life 7. focus on real friends8. focus on being humble 9. focus on living life10. focus on love
Never assume that loud is strong and quiet is weak
“it’s impossible”, said pride.“it’s risky” said experience.“Its pointless”, said reason.“give it a try”, said ambition.
Everyday habits that drain your energy:1. Taking things personally.2. Holding on to the past. 3. Over
sometimes life is about risking everything for a dream no one can see but you
if you are not losing friends, you’re not growing up.
you can make progress or you can make excuses
your life is only as good as your mindset
you have to fight for the life you want, it won’t be handed to you.
Other people’s opinions don’t pay your bills
hang out with people who force you to level up
don’t sleep like you are richwork like you are broke.
Direction is much more important than speed
just because you’re struggling, doesn’t mean you’re failing.
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
5 of your biggest assets are:Your mindset Your attitudeYour integrityYour passionYour loyalty
Hustle because being lazy is too expensive
You have to fight through bad days to earn the best days of your life
• Stay positive.• Be productive.• Stop overthinking.• Let go of the past.• Count your blessings.• Stay away from drama.• Have faith in the future.• Spend your energy wisely.• Live in the present moment.• Stop trying to please everyone
success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom
the best project you will ever work on is yourself
Without rain. Nothing grows. Learn to embrace the storms of your life.
if you are afraid of failure, you are afraid of growth
fear kills more dreams than failure ever will
Judge no oneJust improve yourself
tough situations build strong people
Your future needs you.Your past doesn’t.
you don’t grow when you are comfortable
if you can stay positive in a negative situation, you win.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful places
let your past make you better not bitter
your best teacher is your last mistake
Every boss started as a worker
fall seven times, stand up eight.
Your comfort zone is your enemy
Don’t let the internet rush you. No one is posting their failures
Keep going. Eventually everything will come to you.
Good things are coming. Keep working.
hustle until you no longer need to introduce yourself
you will never make it if you care what others think
4 Steps to change your life1) Stop complaining and appreciate how lucky you are each day.2) Embrace loneliness and reinvent yourself in the process.3) Say goodbye to people that don’t bring positive energy into your life.4) Commit to the goals you set and never look back.
Surround yourself with people that push you to do and be better. No drama or negativity. Just higher goals and higher motivation. Good times and positive energy. No jealousy or hate. Simply bringing out the absolute best in each other..
sacrifice a few years of comfort for decades of freedom
Become so financially secure that you forget it’s a payday
be kind even on your bad days
motivation gets you started, but habit keeps you going.
No one is coming to save you.This life is 100%  your responsibility.
learn to trust the journey, even when you don’t understand it
Confuse them with your silence Shock them with your actions
Don’t complain, enjoy the pain.It’s there for a reason, to force you to level up.
How to stay motivated and focused:• Don’t think money will motivate you • Make your goals your own• Visualize your success • Break your goal into smaller parts• Get energy from other people• Be organized• Keep the long term picture in mind
Be nicer to yourself, you’re still learning.
small progress is still progress
every single day you should wake up and commit yourself to becoming a better person
if you want something you’ve never had, you have to do something you’ve never done.
Never to young to start an empire.Never too old to chase a dream
Thank you for all of the support on the content, incredibly grateful I post the same kind of daily motivational content on Instagram as well Be sure to give that a follow http://instagram.com/thehustlefacto …
a year from now you’ll wish you started today
love yourself love what you dolove how you do it
you can’t control how you feel, but you can always control how you act.
do what is right, not what is easy.
stop letting small minds convince you that your dreams are too big
Be willing to walk alone. Many who started with you, won’t finish with you.
the more you learn, the more you earn.
everything in life is easier when you don’t concern yourself with what everybody else is doing
make your happiness a priority
Don’t rush the process.Good things take time
train your mind to be calm in every situation
if you woke up this morning without a goal, go back to sleep
do something today that your future self will thank you for
falling down is an accidentstaying down is a choice
trust the vibes you get, energy doesn’t lie.
focus on yourself. never stop growing.
make your parents proudyour enemies jealous and yourself happy
Be loyal to your future Not your past
Do it because they said you couldn’t.
you were born to make mistakes, not fake perfection
big ideas scare small minds
happiness is the highest level of success
One day, the people that didn’t believe in you will tell everyone how they met you.
you become what you believe
losers focus on winnerswinners focus on themselves
keep grinding,your day is coming.
be mature enough to accept failures and rejections
wake up determinedgo to bed satisfied
you cannot become what you want by remaining what you are
you don’t get to the top by following the rules
Mindset is everything. Change your mindset and change your life
if you can’t stop thinking about it, don’t stop working for it
your lack of dedication is an insult to those who believe in you
you will get the life you want when you stop making excuses about why you don’t have it
Less:          More:    ——           ——Judging     HelpingDoubting   SupportingBlaming     AccountabilityTalking       ListeningImitating    OriginalitySelling        EducatingWaiting      DoingDivision     InclusivenessSameness DiversityDoubting   Courage.
Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn.
your life is only as good as your mindset
Improve Your Life Now:
Silent people have the loudest minds
No matter what happens, no matter how far you seem to be away from where you want to be, never stop believing that you will somehow make it.
13 Healthy Tips:1. Family first2. You are not your job3. Keep friends close4. Forgive first5. Be humble6. Don’t take people for granted7. Complain less8. Be honest9. Know when to leave10. Be a mentor11. Don’t respond to negativity12. Be teachable13. Smile more
Never stop learning, because life never stops teaching.
Rules of life: 1. Be adaptable.2. Learn to say no. 3. Patience is a virtue.4. Hard work always pays off. 5. Fail fast, fail early, fail often.6. Stay away from toxic people. 7. Giving is better than receiving.8. Don’t let others opinions hold you back.”
Three things you don't do. 1. Beg for anyone to stay in your life. 2. Beg for anyone to talk to you. 3. Beg for anyone's attention.
There’s no excuse for not making online money in 2019!You have to get out there and make shit happen!Want to learn E
Hard choices, easy life. Easy choices, hard life.
To Have A Happy Life: 1. Be Honest. 2. Stop Being A Perfectionist. 3. Never Let Success Go To Your Head Or Failure To Your Heart. 4. Surround Yourself With Positive People. 5. Be Positive. 6. Try Doing New Things. 7. Simplify Your Life. Focus On Essentials. Let Go Rest.
Things to keep private:IncomeLove lifeNext move
Dream big, work hard, stay focused, and surround yourself with positive people
Everything comes to you at the right time. Be patient and trust the process.
Respect time. It’s greater than money
3 things I want to be in life:1) Happy2) Healthy3) Wealthy
When you’re wrong, admit it.When you’re right, be quiet.
Accept what is, let go of what was, have faith in what will be.
Loyalty is rare. If you find it, keep it.
Be a man who proves not all men are same.
Mindset is everything.
Train your mind to be calm in every situation.
Never lose hope. Good things will come. Soon.
If you made a mistake, apologize.If you are thankful, say it. If you are confused, ask questions.If you learn something, teach it.If you are stuck, ask for help.If you are wrong, admit it, sooner.If you can unselfishly give, give.If you love someone, tell them, now.
You can't force people to stay in your life. Staying is a choice, so be thankful for people who choose you.
Don't rush anything. When the time is right, it will happen.
Your lack of dedication is an insult to those who believe in you.
Be proud of yourself for how far you have come, and never stop pushing to be the best you can be.
Don’t aim to be liked.Aim to be real.You will get a lot more respect.
If you get tired, learn to rest. Not to quit.
Wrong is wrong even if everyone is doing it. Right is right even if no one is doing it.
Be a good person but don’t waste your time proving it
KARMA:What goes around, comes around.Keep your circle positive.Think good thoughts.Speak good wordsDo good deeds
Change your attitude and it will change your life.
Don't trust words, trust actions.
Work hard, stay positive, and good things will happen.
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer grows you.
5 of your biggest assets are:Your mindset Your attitudeYour integrityYour passionYour loyalty
Maturity comes with experience, not age.
Nobody cares about your story until you win, so win.
To those having a hard time right now realize, it’s only temporary.
Never give up on the things that make you smile.
No matter how educated, talented, rich or cool you believe you are, how you treat people ultimately tells all.
Do good, it will come back to you in unexpected ways.
You don’t need a lot of friends, just the right ones.
Travel. As much as you can. As far as you can. As long as you can. Life’s not meant to be lived in one place.
10 keys to motivation:1. Let go of fear2. Set the right goals3. Get clarity on what you want4. Be true to your values 5. Make decisions 6. Challenge yourself7. Let go of the past8. Build a Network of support 9. Take breaks10. Visualize your end goal
If you don't challenge yourself, you will never realize what you can become.
A great future doesn't require a great past
Never stop being a good person because of bad people.
Learn to say NO without explaining yourself.
Five types of people to surround yourself with:1. The inspired2. The passionate3. The motivated4. The grateful5. The open
A hungry stomach and an empty wallet teach the best lessons in life.
Focus on your goals, not the obstacles.
Things money can't buy:1. Manners. 2. Morals: 3. Respect.4.Character. 5. Common Sense. 6. Class. 7. Integrity. 8. Trust. 9. Patience. 10. Love.
The days that break youAre the days that make you
Be loyal to those who had your back when you had nothing.
The smarter you get the less you speak.
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success.
Remember the days you prayed for the things you have now.
Without rain. Nothing grows. Learn to embrace the storms of your life.
Keep your energy focused on your goals and ambitions.
Slow downCalm downDon’t worry Don’t hurry Trust the process
F.E.A.R has two meanings 
If you want to be successful, prepare to be doubted and tested.
Don’t be afraid to fail. Be afraid not to try.
Never give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
Be proud of yourself for how hard you’re trying.
You live. You learn. You upgrade.
Shit happens. every day. to everyone.the difference is how we respond.
Don't limit your challenges, challenge your limits
Hustle until you no longer have to introduce yourself.
The goal isn’t more money. The goal is living life on your terms.
If you can stay positive in a negative situation, you win.
Make more moves and less announcements.
Judge no one.Just improve yourself.
Your goals don’t care how you feel.
If your dreams don’t scare you,they aren’t big enough.
Distance your self from people whoUse youLie to you Put you downDisrespect you
Don’t make permanent decisions from temporary emotions.
Never forget who helped you when everyone else was making excuses.
Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
The mind is everything; what you think, you become.
Stay real, stay loyal, or stay away.
Once you carry your own water,You will learn the value of every drop.
Be grateful for what you have, work hard for what you don't have.
The past is your lesson.The present is your giftThe future is your motivation.
Don't waste your time on people who don't appreciate you.
Stop complaining Stop making excuses Nobody is listening Work harder
Move in silence, only speak when it’s time to say checkmate
Being broke is part of the process, but staying broke is all on you.
Positive vibes only1. Judge less2. Spread love3. Share your smile4. Work with passion5. Let go of negativity6. Count your blessings7. Choose faith over fear8. Believe in your dreams9. Respect yourself10. Treat people with kindness11. Do more of the things you love
Matured or not. Never lose the kid in you.
6 months of focus and hard work can  put you 5 years ahead in life.Don’t underestimate the power of consistency and desire.
Re-set, Re-adjust, Re-start, Re
When life gets harder, challenge yourself to be stronger.
Kill them with success and bury them with a smile.
Don’t quit. You’re already in pain. You’re already hurt. Get a reward from it.
Rule #1: never expect anything from anybody.
Wasted time is worsethan wasted money.
Surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you, not the stress in you.
change your habits and you will become unstoppable
stop hiding from your destiny
Change your decisions and you’ll change everything.
your goals don’t give a shit about your excuses
you can have anything that you have the courage to pursue
Nothing in life is handed to you.Accept responsibility for your situation.Stop making excuses.Set goals that excite you.Put in the work to achieve them.Everything is on you.EVERYTHING.
Fail.Fail.Fail.Fail.Succeed.Repeat.
10 steps to success:1. Try2. Try again3. Try once more 4. Try it a little differently 5. Try it again tomorrow 6. Try and ask for help7. Try to find someone who’s done it8. Try to determine what is not working 9. Try to determine what is working 10. Just keep trying.
Be humble. You may be wrong.Be hard working. You may be luckier.Be kind. You may be remembered. Be generous. Others may reciprocate.Be curious. You may stay teachable.Be trustworthy. You may see further.Be forgiving. You may feel lighter.Be thankful. You will be happier.
rock bottom will teach you lessons that mountain tops never will.
18 things holding you back1 Fear2 Pride3 Booze4 Inaction5 Self pity6 No goals7 Being lazy8 Bad habits9 Not focusing10 Unambitious11 Overthinking12 Complaining13 No discipline14 Lack of sleep15 Resentments16 Not exercising17 Negative mindset18 No morning routine
Make your dreams a priority.Make your mental health a priority.Make your relationships a priority.Make your happiness a priority.Make yourself a priority.
hang out with people who force you to level up
fuck perfection, focus on progress.
Laugh like you're 10. Party like you're 20. Travel like you're 30. Think like you're 40. Advise like you're 50. Care like you're 60. Love like you're 70
8 Rules for Life:1. Face your fears.2. Eat better.3. Admit your mistakes.4. Refine your goals.5. Believe in yourself.6. Ask for wisdom.7. Conserve your time.8. Invest your profits.
Think like a Millionaire. Hustle like you're broke.
Relax.Don’t rush.Don’t force.Don’t stress.Let things happen,trust the process,and try to enjoy the ride.
Think Positively.Exercise Daily.Eat Healthy.Work Hard.Stay Strong.Worry Less.Dance More.Love Often.Be Happy.
Do you want to escape your 9-5 and start making a full
Just because it doesn’t happen right away doesn’t mean it won’t happen for you. Don’t give up. Don’t count yourself out. Don’t feed the negative thoughts and fear that might pop up to make you doubt yourself. Keep trusting. Keep believing. Keep going. Your time is coming.
If you make a mistake, apologize.If you are thankful, say it. If you are confused, ask questions.If you learn something, teach it.If you are stuck, ask for help.If you are wrong, admit it, sooner.If you have enough, share.If you love someone, tell them, now.
focus on you until the focus is on you
10 Ways to Improve Your Life Today1. Get 8hrs of sleep2. Journal every day3. Work out + Eat healthy4. Question your beliefs5. Read quality books6. Face your fears7. Challenge your comfort zone8. Start new conversations 9. Cut off dead beat friends10. Don’t complain
Fight for the life you deserve
trust the vibes you get, energy doesn’t lie.
Sometimes you have to level up.Level up your friends.Level up your work ethic.Level up your consistency.Level up your dreams.Level up your life.
keep grinding,your day is coming.
4 Simple rules:1. Sleep.Proper rest allows your body to reset. Sleep well and wake up early.2. Self education is key.Read an hour a day minimum.3. Stay healthy.Eat clean and workout.4. Work ethic.Never compare yourself to anyone.Work harder than you did yesterday.
once you see results, it becomes an addiction.
Success comes to those who let nothing get between them and what they want to accomplish.
You have to create the life you want.You can’t expect to sit back and have things handed to you.
Hard work:       Easy work:—————      ————–inspire              complaineducate            imitateempower          controldevelop            blamefinish                 give upcollaborate       ignoretrust                  exaggerateexplore             stand still
focus on yourself. never stop growing.
your life is only as good as your mindset
Stack your money and act broke.
sacrifice a few years of comfort for decades of freedom
Dream big. Start small. But most of all, START.
You have control over:.. Your thoughts .. Your words .. Your choices .. Your actions .. Your reactions .. Your future
Never give up on your vision.
Everyone wants it.But few work for it
- Before you pray believe- Before you speak listen- Before you spend earn- Before you write think- Before you quit try
Rules Of Success:1. Truly believe in yourself2. Take action on your ideas3. You will be criticized4. Remember where you started5. Failure helps you discover yourself6. Learn from adversity7. Visualize to achieve8. Persevere9. Dreams can happen10. Use your creativity
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear.
Hard work + Vision + Dedication = Success.
Start small.But always think big.
Win in silence. Let them think you're losing.
Mindset is Key • The key to happiness • The key to succes• The key to a fulfilled life
Prove yourself to yourself. Not others.
you don’t get to the top by following the rules
F - FollowO - OneC - CourseU - UntilS 
You weren't born to just pay bills and die.
Silent moves, loud results.
To attract better, you have to become better. You can't do the same things and expect change. Transform your mindset. Upgrade your habits.
your vision for the future is bigger than your past
if you are afraid of failure, you are afraid of growth
Work your hardest.  Think your smartest. Dream your biggest. Be your greatest.  Love your fullest. Smile your brightest
Everyday is a new day to become a better you.
You give your power away when you:1. Lie2. Can’t say no3. Rationalize bad decisions4. Act impulsively5. Argue to argue6. Seek validation7. Don’t admit your mistakes8. Don’t voice your opinion9. Don’t take responsibility10. Don’t realize you have power
Growth comes with consistency.
Networking will get you a job faster than your degree will.
RULES TO LIVE BY:• Spread love.• Trust your gut.• Pick faith over fear.• Take care of yourself.• Avoid people
1 Year = 365 Opportunities.
Never doubt yourself or your mission
Stay busy.Stay focused.Ignore the bull shit.Get money.
Dream it. Believe it. Build it.
Interested in learning how to make a full time income using nothing but your laptop?Click the link below http://rebrand.ly/Twittercom 
Results happen over time, not overnight.Work hardStay consistent Stay humble Be patient
If you can make a dollar, you can make a million more.
6 Truths You Must Accept:1. You can’t change past decisions.2. You are going to fail at some point.3. Some friendships are meant to end.4. You are not guaranteed success.5. You can’t make someone care.6. You are the only person responsible for your own happiness.
Stay patient and trust the journey.
Create your own path. Don’t follow the crowd.
Everything takes longer than you think. Have patience
hustle until you no longer need to introduce yourself
Wealth is more than just money, It’s;- Family- Experiences- Laughter- Mindset- Friendships- Significant others- Health- Mentors- Skill sets- Memories- Adventures- Freedom- Opportunities
Nobody cares about your degree when you drive a lamborghini
big dreams, small circle.
Society will judge you no matter whatDo what you want to do with your life
the more you learn, the more you earn
Nothing worth having comes easy. You are going to have to put in effort each and everyday.
Never be satisfied. Always strive to improve no matter how good you think you are.
hard times teach you valuable lessons
The best revenge is massive success.
Three key things to focus on:1) Be the best version of yourself 2) Never quit3) Work harder than everyone else
If you can’t manage stress you’ll never manage success..
Work hard in silence, let success make the noise.
You’re one decision away from changing your life
patience is power
Be low
Success isn’t “lucky.”Success is built.
sometimes it takes a good fall to know where you really stand
5 Reminders:1. Be loving & kind2. Smash your goals3. Take care of yourself4. Spread positive energy5. Work on your happiness
Confuse them with your silence Shock them with your actions
Be positive.Be patient.Be persistent.
Your time is more valuable than your money.
Money can't buy happiness. But financial freedom has a priceless view
stay loyal to those who believed in you when you had nothing
never compare yourself to others
Don’t judge anyone.Just improve yourself.
Without rain. Nothing grows. Learn to embrace the storms of your life
Don’t use your energy to worry.Use your energy to believe
Stop overthinking. Let that shit go.
Everyone you meet has something to teach you.
Be a good person.But don’t waste your time proving it.
Money isn’t everything but everything requires money
Never let your fear decide your future
you don’t just want a great day.you don’t just want a great week.you don’t want just a great month.you don’t want just a great year.you want a great LIFE.
the secret to getting ahead is getting started
if you can master self
you can’t win if you are afraid to lose
• Stay positive.• Be productive.• Stop overthinking.• Let go of the past.• Count your blessings.• Stay away from drama.• Have faith in the future.• Spend your energy wisely.• Live in the present moment.• Stop trying to please everyone
run towards failurerun towards rejection run towards disappointmentrun towards fear Experiencing and growing through the times when you feel broken are what will make you unstoppable.
skills that require ZERO talent:- Being on time- Work ethic- Putting in effort- Being optimistic- Being passionate- Being teachable- Being prepared
stop being afraid of what could go wrong and start getting excited about what could go right
fall in love with the process of leveling yourself up
forget the mistake but remember the lesson
3 things you can’t recover in life: - the moment after it’s missed - the word after it’s said 
Financially - I’m going to win. Career wise - I’m going to win. Mentally - I’m going to win. Emotionally- I’m going to win. Physically - I’m going to win. Family wise - I’m going to win. With love - I’m going to win. In my life 
No one is coming to save you.This life is 100%  your responsibility.
don’t quit when you are tired, quit when you are done
missing parties isn’t funwaking up early isn’t funworking late isn’t funbeing different isn’t fun sacrificing comfort isn’t funNeither is being average when deep down you know you are capable of so much more.
You will fall,You will break,You will fail.And then,You will rise,You will heal,You will overcome.That’s Life.
Steps to change your life1. Stop complaining and appreciate how lucky you are every day.2. Embrace loneliness and reinvent yourself in the process.3. Say goodbye to the people that don’t bring positive energy into your life.4. Commit to the goals you set and never look back.
the better you feel, the better you attract
if you discipline yourself today, you’ll enjoy your life more tomorrow.
3 things you should never do. 1. Beg for anyone to stay in your life. 2. Beg for anyone to talk to you. 3. Beg for anyone's attention.
YOUR REMINDERS:• Smile.• Eat well.• Set goals• Be patient.• Love yourself.• Spread kindness.• Believe in yourself.• Change bad habits.• Focus on the positive.• Quit comparing yourself.• Take action on your dreams.
There are only 2 rules in life :1. Do all you can 2. Do it the best you can.
fall seven times, stand up eight.
Here's what's cool:1) Being a mentor2) Saying Thank You3) Learning a new skill4) Holding doors open5) Showing up on time6) Investing in your future7) Random acts of kindness8) Admitting you were wrong9) Learning the art of listening10) Learning and using people's names
what comes easy won’t last what lasts won’t come easy
happiness is the highest level of success
Mentally strong people move on. They don't waste time feeling sorry for themselves. They embrace change. They welcome challenges. They focus on what's in their power and don't waste time on things they can't control. They are kind, fair, and unafraid to speak up.
successful people focus on what they can control.- work ethic - actions - the things they say - the habits they develop unsuccessful people focus on what they can’t control.- other people’s opinions - then thoughts - the actions of other people 
11 things to focus on:1. Your purpose in life2. Your health 3. Your mental wellness 4. Having more fun5. Carrying less stress 6. Simplifying your life 7. Spending time with true friends8. Being confident9. Taking chances 10. Being grateful 11. Reaching Goals
don’t change so that people will like you. be yourself and the right people will love you.
think like a millionairehustle like you’re broke
get real quiet and grind, the success you achieve as a result will speak for you...
risk is the price you pay for opportunity
Keep fighting. Keep working. You never know when things will start to unlock for you.
REMEMBER: • Choose kindness• Declutter & simplify• Dedicate time to yourself• Accept what you can't change• Appreciate where you are in life• Work towards your greater goals• Choose to have a positive mindset• Let go of what no longer serves you
you cannot fail unless you quit
Stay low
Three things that will change your life:1) Hard Work2) Resilience 3) Consistency
everything comes to you at the right timebe patient and trust the process
focusing on others will make you feel small. focusing on yourself will make you feel unstoppable.
Steps to protect your vibe:1. Avoid gossip and drama.2. Let go of things you can’t control.3. Avoid comparing yourself to others.4. Keep your faith larger than your fears.5. Don’t do anything that doesn’t feel right.6. Stay away from people who drain your energy.
Doctors won’t make you healthy.Nutritionists won’t make you slim.Teachers won’t make you smart.Gurus won’t make you calm.Mentors won’t make you rich.Trainers won’t make you fit.Ultimately, you have to take responsibility. Save Yourself.
No matter what you do, someone will have something negative to say. Don’t take it personally. People judge and criticize other people’s lives when they’re not happy with their own. Follow your heart. Do what’s right for you. You don’t need everyone’s approval to be happy.
Don’t tell people you are going to be successful.SHOW THEM.
GREAT REMINDERS:• Keep a positive mind.• Work for your dreams.• Give your healing time.• You can’t change the past.• Don’t compare your journey.• Failure is only final if you quit.• Your perception is your power.• Follow your calling, not the crowd.
you are your only competition
if you want more than average, stop hanging around average people.
10 Things That Waste Your Time:1. Waiting for inspiration 2. Worrying about people’s opinions3. Complaining4. Trying to please everyone5. Comparing yourself 6. Repeating the past7. Chasing perfection 8. Lack of priorities9. Fearing failure 10. Not living your life
Relax.Don’t rush.Don’t force.Don’t stress.Let things happen,trust the process,and try to enjoy the ride.
S - See your goalU - Understand the obstaclesC - Create a positive mental pictureC - Clear your mind of self-doubtE - Embrace all challengesS - Sacrifice free timeS - Show the world you can do itF - Feed your focusU - Utilize all opportunitiesL 
6 months of focus and hard work can  put you 5 years ahead in life. Don’t underestimate the power of consistency and desire.
everything in life is easier when you don’t concern yourself with what everybody else is doing
Everyday habits that drain your energy:1. Taking things personally.2. Holding on to the past. 3. Over
patience isn’t about waiting.patience is about how you act while you’re waiting.
Never give up. Never stop fighting.
your hardest times will lead to your greatest moments
refuse to be anything but successful
Tomorrow isn’t promised. Just because you’re doing great doesn’t mean you won’t struggle tomorrow. Stay humble.
In school, you are taught a lesson and then given a test.  In life, you are given a test that teaches you a lesson.
SET THE STANDARD:• Show respect• Have good manners• Give people your smile• Treat everyone with kindness• Show them love for no reason• Be the person you want them to beDo this daily.
you have to give more if you want to get more
your dreams are worthless if you never chase them
you were born to make mistakes, not fake perfection
if you say you can’t you never will
complaining is easyexecuting is hard
Never give up. Find a way to make it happen
Confident people:1. Get their happiness from within.2. Listen more than they speak.3. Don’t seek attention.4. Exercise.5. Aren’t afraid to be wrong.6. Celebrate other people.7. Aren’t afraid to ask for help.
Three key things to focus on:1) Be the best version of yourself 2) Never quit3) Work harder than everyone else
if you don’t change your view of failure you’ll never get see what success looks like
Happiness Comes From Growth:• When You Personally Grow, You Are Happy.• When Your Bank Balance Grows, You Are Happy.• When Your Muscles Grow, You Are Happy.• When Your Skills Grow, You Are Happy.So Keep Chasing Growth...
Re-set, Re-adjust, Re-start, Re
every day is a new opportunity to be the person you are supposed to be
You attract the energy that you give off. Spread good vibes. Think positively. Attract positive. Enjoy life.
Mindset is Key • The key to happiness • The key to succes• The key to a fulfilled life
you will only get as far as your actions take you
decide where you want to be and don’t stop until you get there
Appreciate those who don’t give up on you.
Work while they sit back and relax. Someday soon, you’ll get to sit back and relax while they work.
the best revenge is no revenge. Move on. Be happy.
Stay humble. Stay driven. Focus on your goals. Take action every day. You’ve got one life. Make the most of it.
in order to go where you’ve never been, you have to do what you’ve never done
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest
life only changes when you do
if you focus on results, you will never change. if you focus on change, you will get results
Be so busy improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others
stay patient and stick to your process
find someone who will change your life, not your status.
your lack of dedication is an insult to those who believe in you
people who do great things don’t wait for the right time
never let your fear decide your future
Become a master of observation. Always say less than you know, always see more than they think.
9 Things to quit:1. Trying to please everyone2. Fearing change3. Living in the past4. Overthinking5. Being afraid to be different6. Beating yourself up over mistakes7. Sacrificing your happiness for others8. Thinking you're not good enough9. Thinking you have no purpose
One day this will all be worth it. Keep grinding.
With self discipline, you can achieve so many great things
a mistake that makes you humble is better than an achievement that makes you arrogant
if you’re not losing friends, you’re not growing up.
Follow me on Instagram! http://Instagram.com/thehustlefactor 
How to live a good life:  Assume nothingDo moreNeed lessSmile oftenDream bigLaugh a lotRealize how blessed you are.
the biggest wall you will ever have to climb is the one you build in your mind
Don’t sit around waiting for opportunity. Create it.
the best revenge is massive success.
don’t give up, your day will come.it’s just a matter of time.
Six Rules for Success: 1. Trust yourself2. Break some rules3. Don’t be afraid of failure4. Ignore the doubters 5. Work your ass off6. Give something back
stay loyal to those who believed in you when you had nothing
you can’t win if you are afraid to lose
Don’t be afraid to lose people. Be afraid of losing yourself by trying to please everyone around you.
Want to learn how you can make your first $10,000 using nothing but your laptop?Follow here  http://bit.ly/twitterecomm 
the difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do
Everything takes longer than you think. Have patience
do it because they said you couldn’t
Learn from your mistakes.Move on, grow stronger.
Surround yourself with;1. People you genuinely love and trust. 2. People who genuinely love and trust you.3. People who actively choose you every single day.4. People who don't judge you by your mistakes.5. People who you can believe just by what they tell you.
you can’t accomplish goals you never set
all your hustle will be worth it
believe in yourself and you will be unstoppable
Want to learn how to quit your job and double your salary using nothing but your laptop?Follow here  http://bit.ly/twitterecomm 
once you see results, it becomes an addiction
No time is wasted time as long as you are learning. When you fail, learn from it. When you win, learn from it.
don’t give up on what you want most for what you want right now
you can’t build a reputation on what you say you are going to do.
Focus on your goals, not the obstacles.
Don’t quit. You never know how close you are to a break through.
bet on yourself even if no one else will
go get what’s yours
Those who work don’t talk.Those who talk don’t work.
One day or day one, you choose.
7 things to remember: •Don't beg anyone to stay.•Save space for people who matter.•Keep your circle small.•Accept what cannot be changed.•Leave behind what isn't good for you.•No matter what happened think positive.•Give time for yourself and love yourself more.
Worry about your character, not your reputation. Your character is who you are and your reputation is who everyone thinks you are.
if you can look up, you can get up.
your future depends on what you do today
stop doubting your greatness
the secret to getting ahead is getting started
Mindset is everything. Change your mindset and change your life
obstacles can’t stop you problems can’t stop youothers can’t stop you only YOU can stop you
you don’t need anyone else to see your vision
take the risk or lose the chance
you know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back
Three ways to improve your life:1) Stop caring what other people think2) Stop caring what other people think3) Stop caring what other people think
Whatever you look for in life is what you will find.If you look for reasons to procrastinate, you’ll find them. If you look for reasons to give up, you’ll find them. If you look for reasons to be unhappy, you’ll find them.
Quality attracts quality. Become better to find better.
giving up is easy but it makes life a lot harder
big ideas scare small minds
formal education will make you a living, self
accept where you are, and then accept the responsibility of taking yourself where you want to go.
you become what you believe
chase perfection and you’ll catch excellence
Be humble. You may be wrong.Be hard working. You may be luckier.Be kind. You may be remembered. Be generous. Others may reciprocate.Be curious. You may stay teachable.Be trustworthy. You may see further.Be forgiving. You may feel lighter.Be thankful. You will be happier.
hustle until you no longer need to introduce yourself
you will never be in control of your life if you constantly worry about shit you can’t control
you can’t solve your problems with the same mindset that created them
do more than care, help.do more than believe, practice.do more than forgive, forget.do more than dream, work.
the worst thing you can be is the same as everybody else
wake up determined go to bed satisfied
you can’t hang out negative people and expect to have a positive life
if you want something you’ve never had, you have to do something you’ve never done.
“it’s impossible”, said pride.“it’s risky” said experience.“Its pointless”, said reason.“give it a try”, said ambition.
motivation gets you started, habit keeps you going.
the best project you will ever work on is yourself
just because you started at the bottom doesn’t mean you have to finish there
you are always one decision away from a completely different life
stop saying "I wish" and start saying "I will"
your vision is bigger than your mistakes
do something today that your future self will thank you for
do what is right, not what is easy.
you attract what you are, not what you want. If you want great, then be great.
let your past make you better not bitter
learn to trust the journey, even when you don’t understand it
Want to learn how to make your first $10,000 by building an E
train your mind to be calm in every situation
don’t quit when you are tired, quit when you are done.
don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning
happiness will come to you when it comes from you
stop thinking about being great, just be great
Want to learn how to make $10,000 a month from your laptop? Follow here  http://bit.ly/ecomtwitter  Click the link above to register for Thursday’s webinar if you want to take the first step towards building your own figure business
stop letting the memories of your past limit the potential of your future
8 rules of life: 1. Be adaptable.2. Learn to say no. 3. Patience is a virtue.4. Hard work always pays off. 5. Fail fast, fail early, fail often.6. Stay away from toxic people. 7. Giving is better than receiving.8. Don’t let others opinions hold you back.
DAILY REMINDERS:• Do your absolute best.• Keep a positive mindset.• Embrace new challenges.• Worrying gets you nowhere.• Be thankful for your blessings.• Use your time and energy wisely.• What you believe, you can achieve.
YOUR REMINDERS:• Smile.• Eat well.• Set goals• Be patient.• Love yourself.• Spread kindness.• Believe in yourself.• Change bad habits.• Focus on the positive.• Quit comparing yourself.• Take action on your dreams.
One day, the people that didn’t believe in you will tell everyone how they met you.
It costs nothing to believe in yourself.It costs everything if you don’t.
you know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back
patience and perseverance will make you unstoppable
Steps to change your life1. Stop complaining and appreciate how lucky you are every day.2. Embrace loneliness and reinvent yourself in the process.3. Say goodbye to the people that don’t bring positive energy into your life.4. Commit to the goals you set and never look back.
appreciate what you have before it becomes what you had
you cannot become what you want by remaining what you are
if you don’t believe in yourself, nobody else will
your goals don’t give a shit about your excuses, so neither should you.
it’s not selfish to do what’s best for you
sometimes it takes a good fall to know where you really stand
you don’t get what you wish for, you get what you work for.
without ambition, you won’t start.without work, you won’t finish. without consistency, you won’t achieve.
How to stay motivated and focused:• Don’t think money will motivate you • Make your goals your own• Visualize your success • Break your goal into smaller parts• Get energy from other people• Be organized• Keep the long term picture in mind
stop whining, start grinding. stop wishing, start working. stop thinking, start acting. stop blaming, start owning. stop dying, start living.
change your habits and you will become unstoppable
the goal isn’t to live forever, it is to create something that will.
if you are waiting until you feel ready to chase your dreams, you’ll be waiting your entire life.
sacrifice a few years of comfort for decades of freedom
you can’t build character from your comfort zone
move in silence, only speak when it’s time to say checkmate.
chase the vision, not the money
sometimes you win, sometimes you learn
forget the mistake but remember the lesson
if it doesn’t challenge youit won’t change you
Everyone has a story.But very few have the courage to tell it.
stay away from STILL people: still complaining still hating still unhappy still living in the paststill making excuses
a winner is just a loser who tried one more time
It’s your journey. Others may walk it with you but no one will walk it for you.
stop thinking, action is what drives life forward.
the power to change is already inside of you.you just have to find the courage to use it.
every next level of life will demand a different you
the temptation to quit will be the greatest right before you are about to succeed.